


* Countries grapple for deal to prevent embarrassing delay* Ministers to debate scheme to close banks* Much still up for grabs, including imposing investor lossesBy Jan Strupczewski and John O'DonnellBRUSSELS, March 10 European governments and lawmakers will try to reach a deal this week on how to wind down failing banks, clearing the way for a landmark reform as time runs out to win European Parliament approval before May elections.Negotiations are set to span days and may be the final step in a European banking union that would mean one supervisor for euro zone banks, one set of rules to close or restructure those in trouble and one pot of money to pay for it."There will not be an outcome today or tomorrow, because the real negotiations will take place on Wednesday and days after that if necessary," Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who is chairing Monday's meeting of euro ministers, told reporters, referring to talks with the European Parliament's lawmakers.As he entered for the first day of talks with European counterparts, Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said he was optimistic agreement could be clinched.Talks on a new European agency to shut down failing banks, and on a fund to pay for such closures, need to be agreed before the last sitting of the European Parliament in mid-April.Failure to do so would delay the law by at least seven months, and probably more. It could also mean it is scrutinised by a new group of lawmakers with a higher count of eurosceptics, as such parties are expected to do well in the May poll.The banking union, and the clean-up of banks' books that will accompany it, is intended to restore banks' confidence in one another and boost lending across the currency bloc, helping foster growth in the 18 economies that use the euro."This is a large scale political project which will allow countries to borrow at the same rate whether you are Spanish, Italian, German or French," French Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici told reporters.New lending has been throttled by banks' efforts to raise capital and cut their risks in recession.The banking union is also supposed to break the vicious circle of indebted states and the banks that buy their debt, treated in law as 'risk-free' despite Greece's default in all but name.Euro zone banks now hold about 1.75 trillion euros of government debt, equivalent to 5.7 percent of their assets and the highest relative exposure since 2006, according to the European Central Bank. In Italy and Spain, roughly one in every 10 euros in the banking system is now on loan to governments.The biggest political reform since the launch of the euro currency, banking union also touches on sensitive issues for investors, including the imposition of losses on bondholders of failing banks.Policymakers agreed last year that the European Central Bank will be the supervisor for euro zone banks, a role it takes on in November.In return for giving its blessing to the wider scheme, Germany wants to see losses imposed from that point onwards on bondholders and others who have backed troubled banks.TUG OF WAROfficials caution that a deal may not be possible this week and could be postponed until the end of the month.To further complicate matters, European governments disagree not only amongst themselves, but also with the European Parliament, which must give its blessing to the project before it can become law.At the heart of the dispute is the complex process of closing a bank. Countries are reluctant to cede authority to Brussels and want a laborious system of checks before any decision to shut a bank can be taken.EU finance ministers agreed in early December that a decision on closing down a bank in the euro zone would be taken by the board of the resolution agency, but that the decision must then be signed into law by the finance ministers.Under that scenario, if the ministers want to change the board's decision, they also have to involve the European Commission and start a procedure so complex that it is doubtful it can be completed quickly.The European Parliament, on the other hand, wants no involvement of EU ministers, arguing it would politicise the process and make it cumbersome. It wants leave the final go-ahead to the more impartial European Commission.Parliament also wants the ECB - the supervisor of all banks - to be the only institution to declare a bank is failing. EU governments want the agency board and national authorities to have a say.Governments and parliamentarians also disagree on how quickly to build up the 'resolution' fund, used to cover the costs of shutting a bank, and how soon countries should be able to dip into the pot. The fund will be filled by euro zone banks and is slated to reach around 55 billion euros ($76 billion).Governments want the fund to reach full size over 10 years, while the parliament wants the fund to be fully available to all euro zone countries after just three years.Finally, policymakers must decide if they will allow this fund to borrow if it is short of cash, or if it should borrow from the euro zone bailout fund or receive state guarantees.
Investing.com -Investing.com - The pound fell to one-month lows against the broadly stronger euro on Monday as expectations for further easing by the European Central Bank eased, after the bank refrained from tightening monetary policy last week.EUR/GBP hit 0.8344, the highest since February 6 and was last up 0.48% to 0.8341.The pair was likely to find support at 0.8291, the session low and resistance at 0.8360.Demand for the euro continued to be underpinned after the ECB left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.5% on Thursday, saying economic conditions did not support tightening, despite the low inflation outlook for the euro area.The euro added to gains on Friday after a report from the ECB showed that euro area banks are set to repay a large portion of its emergency loans this week.Overall market sentiment remained subdued after data released over the weekend showed that Chinese exports fell 18.1% on a year-over-year basis in February, confounding expectations for a 6.8% increase.A separate report showed that the annual rate of inflation in China slowed in February, fuelling concerns over a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.Sterling was also lower against the dollar, with GBP/USD down 0.40% to 1.6647.Data on Friday showing that the U.S. economy added 175,000 jobs in February, well above expectations for 149,000 new jobs continued to support the dollar.

The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
Something went wrong...This page may be lost but you don't need to be. You're bound to find something of interest below.
* Impairments and 'hard to value' assets key areas* Loans pitted against auditors' 'challenger models'* Collateral not valued for over a year must be revaluedBy Laura NoonanDUBLIN, March 10 The European Central Bank's stance on how bad loans are defined will be one of the biggest revelations to the euro zone's largest banks when it details on Tuesday how it will test balance sheets, three sources with knowledge of the tests told Reuters.The details will give the 128 banks being tested their most explicit insight to date on how their books will be examined by inspectors looking at whether they need billions of euros of extra capital to strengthen balance sheets. Estimates of the capital shortfall range from 280 billion euros ($388.13 billion)to as much as 770 billion.The tests are being carried out to restore investor confidence in the banks and clean up any problems left over from the financial crisis before the ECB becomes their supervisor in November.As well as the initial review on whether banks' assets are correctly valued now, banks will also be subjected to a stress test looking at whether they need more capital to deal with future crises.A document detailing the tests' methodology has been in circulation amongst national supervisors and consultants for several weeks. Recipients have signed non-disclosure agreements and face penalties for any breaches."It will terrify them, even though they've got a reasonable idea of what's coming," one source with knowledge of the guidelines told Reuters, pointing to the very prescriptive approach laid out over nearly 300 pages.The ECB declined to comment.The three sources said the most closely-watched areas in Tuesday's announcement would be the ECB's view of when loans become impaired, and the way 'hard to value assets' are treated.For loan losses, the guidelines include a simple rule that any loan more than 90 days overdue is non-performing and a more complex one that sets out the other triggers that suggest full repayment is unlikely, two of the sources said.A third source said that while the ECB's decision on impairment triggers was "reasonable" some banks would still fall short of it since not all banks would use all the triggers on the ECB's list of definitions of indicators for impairment.Triggers can include things like evidence that a corporate borrower is in distress and evidence that the value of the collateral underpinning a loan has fallen. "Triggers can be subjective," the second source said.If a loan's status is changed from performing to non-performing, it would have a higher probability of default, some thing that would force a bank to set aside more capital to provide for higher likely losses.Banks' estimates on loan losses will be pitted against 'challenger models' created by external auditors - carrying out the tests on behalf of supervisors - an approach first tried in Ireland's balance sheet assessment in late 2013, two of the sources said.Previous rounds of bank tests have tested the models in use by the banks rather than creating brand new ones.The rules also require that new valuations must be done for any collateral that had not been valued within a year of January 2014, two of the sources said.Beyond loans, the ECB's treatment of 'Level 3 assets', a broad group of assets that are difficult to value, will also be closely watched. Those Level 3 assets include derivatives and also include assets such as real estate holdings banks have acquired through foreclosures, their participations in private equity deals and special investment vehicles.The ECB has taken care to prevent any leaks. Recipients of details of the review face fines of 100,000 euros for leaks and copies have been water-marked with the name of its owner, the sources said.
* Noyer sees "permanent and deep forces" weighing on inflation* Euro strength adding to downward inflation pressures (Adds details on ECB action)PARIS, March 10 Price stability is under threat in major economies from low inflation, warranting action by central banks, ECB policymaker Christian Noyer said on Monday.Noyer, the governor of the Bank of France, warned that "permanent and deep forces" were weighing on inflation in the euro zone and wider world."Monetary policy should remain active because persistently low inflation threatens the achievement of price stability as commonly defined by all major central banks today," Noyer told a conference at the French central bank.Noyer cited slack in many economies as a source of low inflation, as well as deleveraging in the euro zone, where many countries are slowly working off excessive debt."The recent appreciation of the euro has had indeed a strong disinflationary impact," Noyer added. The euro rose in recent days to 1.39 to the dollar, its highest since late 2011, after the European Central Bank left its monetary policy unchanged on Thursday.The Eurostat EU statistics agency estimated euro zone inflation held steady in February at 0.8 percent, well below the ECB's target of close to but less than 2.0 percent.Noyer said he did not currently see deflation - what he described as a "pernicious spiral" downward in prices that chokes consumption and investment - in the euro zone and that inflation expectations were firmly anchored in positive territory.The ECB's inflation target was meant to provide a cushion against negative shocks to the economy that could drive inflation lower, Noyer said. The euro zone was vulnerable without a buffer, he said.Against that background, the ECB's Governing Council has made it explicit that its members expect to keep interest rates at current or lower levels for an extended period of time.Such forward guidance is a relatively new tool the ECB has called on to influence the economy. Noyer said it was unlikely central banks would go back to relying solely on their conventional tool, short-term interest rates.But even with more levers available to central banks than in the past, Noyer warned that there were limits to what monetary policy could do."The longer interest rates are kept at low levels, the greater the risk for financial stability," he said. (Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Larry King)
Never miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot nowYou can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings.
The page that you are looking for cannot be found.There has been a change in the address of the page you are looking for.This change may have been a temporary re-location or a permanent removal..
PAGE NOT FOUND!(404 Error)You have requested a page:that either no longer exists, or never existed in the first place. Please check the spelling of the URL (web site address) and try again if it was misspelled.If it is correct, please click HERE to be taken to the home page for this site where you can find the specific page you are looking for using our navigation structure.If you still can't find the page you are looking for, please drop us a note using our contact page.
An eBay logo is projected onto white boxes in this illustration picture taken in Warsaw, January 21, 2014. REUTEwhite RS/Kacper PempelEBay Inc on Monday rejected activist investor Carl Icahn's two nominees to its board, saying both were unqualified, and urged shareholders to vote against them at its next annual meeting.Icahn, who owns just over 2 percent of the e-commerce company, has been pressuring eBay for weeks to spin off its PayPal payments business. He has also repeatedly accused eBay of poor corporate governance.The billionaire nominated Icahn Enterprises LP employees Daniel Ninivaggi and Jonathan Christodoro, both of whom Icahn regularly nominates to boards.The chairman of eBay's corporate governance and nominating committee, Richard Schlosberg III, said the board considered both but rejected them because "neither nominee has relevant experience or expertise."EBay said since each Icahn nominee currently sits on four public company boards, they are not in compliance with eBay's guidelines on "overboarding."EBay founder and Chairman Pierre Omidyar in a statement urged shareholders to support the company's slate, which includes Chief Executive John Donahoe.The company also said Donahoe's 2013 compensation fell by more than half to $13.8 million. That largely reflects the board's decision in 2012 to give him a one-time award of $14.8 million in performance share units, although eBay's weaker-than-expected financial performance also hurt his pay.The company did not in its preliminary proxy statement set the date for its next annual shareholders meeting, which is expected to take place in the spring.Icahn has sparred with eBay management via open letters and press releases since January, when the pugnacious billionaire made an unsolicited proposal for eBay to hive off PayPal.The company has repeatedly said PayPal and eBay are better off as part of the same company.In a fresh missive on Monday, Icahn accused Donahoe of "inexcusable incompetence" and said the fast-growing PayPal could "wither" if it remains part of eBay."PayPal may well go the way of other former technology greats such as Blackberry, Dell, Eastman Kodak, Polaroid, Nintendo, Xerox, Sony, Palm, and AOL," Icahn said.EBay called Icahn's comments "false and misleading.""In pursuit of his own profit motives, Carl Icahn has made another unsubstantiated attack on John," eBay said.EBay shares fell 1.4 percent to $58.22 on the Nasdaq.(Additional reporting by Deepa Seetharaman in San Francisco; Editing by Richard Chang)
Never miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot nowYou can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings.
EBay Rejects Icahn Board Picks As Activist Strikes AgainLaw360, New York (March 10, 2014, 11:10 AM EDT) -- EBay Inc. on Monday rejected a pair of board nominees proposed by Carl Icahn, fanning an ongoing feud with the billionaire activist investor who claimed the same day that mismanagement by the company's CEO has cost shareholders more than $4 billion.Icahn and the top brass at California-based eBay have traded jabs consistently over the past few weeks amid a broader push by the billionaire to spin off the company's moneymaking PayPal Inc. payment-processing unit. EBay's brushoff of Icahn's board picks is the latest show of...To view the full article, register now.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.

Want to help? and let us know about the pageerror. Please include a link to the page that brought you here as well as anyother relevant information. Thanks in advance for the heads-up!
Page Not FoundThe page you have asked for may no longer be available or may have moved.Searching below may help you locate the items you're looking for.
This will appear next to all of your commentsThis will NOT appear anywhere on Newser

Lululemon CEO 'buying as much stock as we can' after shares plunge
Baby Encounters A Pony For Very The First Time - But Nobody Could Have Predicted What
Sorry, but the page you were trying to view does not exist.Search for: Search
You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.

Well, this is unfortunate...Your story was not foundThe story you requested could not be found. To find what you're looking for, try one of these options.A starting place for all your financial news and information needs.Search MarketWatch news, past and present.Get quotes for stocks, mutual funds, options and market indexes.If you reached this page by clicking a link on the MarketWatch site, please report it to MarketWatch Feedback.Suggest ContentHave a suggestion for a future MarketWatch article, tell us about it!
What a difference five years makes.Five years ago Sunday, the stock market indexes toppled to their low points of recent times, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average hitting 6,547.10 on March 9, 2009 -- less than half of what it had been 17 months earlier. The S&P 500, meanwhile, dipped to 676.53, also far less than half of what it had been in October 2007, when it had soared to 1,565.15.* Download the above chart in full-sizeToday, the indexes are hitting new highs almost every week, as the Dow stands at more than 16,400 and the S&P is at more than 1,875.Many of our local companies have enjoyed a similar ride with their stocks in the last five years, as share prices have soared and dividends have increased in many cases.The chart below looks at the total five-year return of 62 area companies. Most are in Greater Cleveland. A few are outside the immediate region but are of keen interest to local investors, consumers and workers. The total return includes appreciation in the share price and income including dividends.So if you invested $1,000 in a stock back in March 2009 and the return since then was 100 percent, you'd have $2,000. If the total return in the last five years was 2,738 percent, as is the case with Polyone Corp. of Avon Lake, your $1,000 investment would now be worth $28,380.If you'd invested the same $1,000 with Cedar Fair, parent of Cedar Point, your investment would now be worth $11,240. In many cases, the returns wouldn't be quite so incredible: $1,000 then in J.M. Smucker or Progressive Corp. or A Schulman of Fairlawn would be worth about $3,000 today.In some cases, the fabulous returns are a reflection of how low the stock has sunk during the financial meltdown of 2008 and early 2009. In other cases, the return reflects how well the company has done since then.Likewise, at the bottom of the list: In a few cases, the companies haven't performed well in the last five years.In other cases, like CBIZ Inc. of Independence, the company's stock price didn't fall much during the meltdown (only about 19 percent) and has gained since then (40 percent), but the growth has been more modest compared with other companies that plummeted and then rebounded.In the case of FirstEnergy Corp. of Akron, the electric utility has been undergoing a turnaround after posting big losses in 2012. Your $1,000 investment in 2009 would be worth only $1,070 today.The five-year returns are through Thurs., March 6; the share prices and year-to-date returns are as of Wed., March 5.
NEW YORK: US stocks Monday fell in early trade following disappointing economic data from China and Japan and continued tension over Ukraine.About 30 minutes into trade, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 47.92 (0.29 percent) to 16,404.80.The broad-based S&P 500 dipped 2.09 (0.11 percent) to 1,875.95, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index edged 0.37 (0.01 percent) lower to 4,335.85.Weekend economic data from China raised questions about the outlook for the world's second largest economy.Beijing reported weak inflation data and a $23.0 billion trade deficit in February, while analysts had forecast an $11.9 billion surplus.Meanwhile Japan said its economy grew more slowly in the fourth quarter, 0.2 percent, than the previously reported 0.3 percent.Investors are also skittish over tensions between Russia and the West after Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted that Crimea had the right to join his country.McDonald's became the latest big company to cite cold weather as a factor in diminished sales, saying frigid temperatures in the US were a factor in a 1.4 percent drop in comparable restaurant sales in February. Shares of the Dow component dipped 0.4 percent.Boeing fell 1.9 percent after Japan Airlines Sunday said its Dreamliner jet made an emergency landing in Honolulu reportedly due to a possible problem with its hydraulic system.The news followed a Friday Boeing disclosure that hairline cracks were found in the wings of some of its 787 Dreamliners that are still in production, due to a manufacturing problem.Chiquita Brands International announced it was combining with Irish company Fyffes into a global produce distributor with a combined equity value of about $1.1 billion. Chiquita shareholders will own about 50.7 percent of the new company. Chiquita jumped 12.6 percent.Bond prices were mixed. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury held steady at 2.79 percent, the same level as Friday, while the 30-year edged higher to 3.73 percent from 3.72 percent. Bond prices and yields move inversely.
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Stocks were down across the board at midday Monday after an unexpected drop in Chinese exports.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.5%, while the Nasdaq and S&P 500 were down 0.2% each. Volume was weak, down 6% on the Nasdaq and 23% lower on the NYSE compared with the same time Friday.U.S.-listed Chinese stocks took a hit after exports from China plunged 18% in February, fanning fears of a slowdown in the world's No. 2 economy.Social media stockYY (YY) dropped 5% in heavy volume, pharmaceutical researcher WuXi Pharmatech (WX) lost 2% and NQ Mobile (NQ), a developer of security software for mobile devices, sank 7%.Meanwhile,Boeing (BA) slumped 3%, weighing on the Dow, after the airplane maker found cracks in wings of Dreamliner jets during production.On the upside,Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN) jumped 5% in heavy volume after the drugmaker lifted its 2014 profit and revenue outlook.
The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser.Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version.
Page Not FoundThe page you requested could not be found. Please check the URL and try again or go to the RTTNews homepage. You can also try to search
With little U.S. economic or corporate news on the docket Monday, investors were keeping an eye on the rest of the world to get a sense of where the market is headed.The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq were all slightly lower out of the gate.The Dow and S&P 500 are near all time highs as investors celebrated the five year anniversary of the current bull market. But the Nasdaq is not back to all-time highs yet. In fact, Monday is the 14-year anniversary of the tech-heavy index hitting its peak of above 5,130. Still, the Nasdaq is now only about 15.5% below its dot-com boom record, thanks to a nearly 40% jump last year and strong start to 2014.Tension in Ukraine created volatility in global markets early last week. But investors have been breathing a sigh of relief the past few days as the crisis seems to be abating."As long as there's no feeling that an escalation into a wider conflict is imminent, the markets may remain calm," said Wasif Latif of USAA Investments in a note to clients Monday morning. "In corporate news, Boeing shares fell after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, a Boeing 777, disappeared Saturday in mysterious circumstances en route to Beijing. The company also announced late Friday that "hairline cracks" had been found on some of its Dreamliner 787 jets still in production.Chiquita Brands rallied after the company said it was buying Ireland's Fyffes for about $526 million to create the world's leading banana company.Shares of eBay, a member of CNNMoney's Tech 30 Index, slumped after Carl Icahn stepped up his campaign against the company's management. In a letter Monday, the activist investor again attacked eBay's board for alleged conflicts of interest related to their financial interests in companies that Icahn believes are eBay competitors. Icahn wants eBay to spin off its PayPal unit.European markets were mixed in afternoon trading. Asian markets ended significantly lower after China trade data and revised Japanese GDP numbers came in weaker than expected.
* China trade data weak* McDonald's February same-restaurant sales fall* Boeing finds cracks in wings of Dreamliners in production* Indexes off: Dow 0.41 pct, S&P 0.24 pct, Nasdaq 0.15 pctBy Chuck MikolajczakNEW YORK, March 10 U.S. stocks edged modestly lower on Monday, and the S&P 500 held near record highs, as investors largely shrugged off unexpectedly weak data in China.China's exports unexpectedly tumbled 18.1 percent in February, against expectations for a 6.8 percent rise, swinging the trade balance into deficit and adding to fears of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, despite the Lunar New Year holidays being blamed for the slide."We did shrug off the (China data), almost as if was a non-event," said Peter Kenny, chief executive of Clearpool Group in New York."I don't think it's disruptive to the way people are looking at China as an economy that has lost some of its hyperbolic move and that is almost welcome."Freeport McMoRan Copper & Gold lost 2.6 percent to $31.35 as signs of a slowing China sent London copper to an eight-month low. The S&P materials index lost 0.4 percent.Sunday marked the five-year anniversary of the S&P's 12-year low of 676.53, when the U.S. economy suffered its worst recession in seven decades."That five-year anniversary has given market investors a sense of pause rather than a sense of enthusiasm because there is still this lingering fear that resides in the approach people have with the market - have we come too far, too fast? Are valuations justified?" said Kenny.In a speech at the Bank of France, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser said severe winter weather likely affected U.S. jobs growth in February, the latest U.S. central banker to suggest that some weakness in the labor market was only temporary, which suggested the Fed will stay on course in winding down its stimulus measures.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 67.43 points, or 0.41 percent, to 16,385.29, the S&P 500 lost 4.46 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,873.58 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 6.551 points, or 0.15 percent, to 4,329.672.McDonald's Corp slipped 0.3 percent to $95.25 after the hamburger chain reported a bigger-than-expected drop in comparable global sales at established restaurants for February, with competition and bad weather battering U.S. sales.Boeing Co shares lost 1.9 percent to $126.10 as the biggest drag on the Dow and S&P 500, after the plane maker said on Friday that "hairline cracks" had been discovered in the wings of about 40 787 Dreamliners that are in production, another setback for the company's newest jet. Separately, the disappearance of a Malaysian jetliner, a Boeing 777-200ER, is an "unprecedented aviation mystery," a senior official said on Monday.Chiquita Brands and Irish rival Fyffes, Europe's largest distributor, have struck an all-stock merger deal to create the world's biggest banana supplier. Chiquita shares jumped 14.6 percent to $12.42.United Rentals Inc, gained 3.9 percent to $91.98 after the world's largest equipment rental company said it had agreed to acquire privately held National Pump, the second-largest specialty pump rental company in North America, for $780 million.

HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
The page that you are looking for cannot be found.There has been a change in the address of the page you are looking for.This change may have been a temporary re-location or a permanent removal..
Investing.com -Investing.com - U.S. stock futures pointed to a mixed to lower open on Monday, despite the rally created by upbeat U.S. employment data on Friday, as a disappointing trade balance report from China weighed on sentiment.Ahead of the open, the Dow Jones Industrial Average futures pointed to a 0.09% loss, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.10% fall, while the Nasdaq 100 futures indicated a 0.03% gain.The Labor Department reported on Friday that the U.S. economy added 175,000 jobs in February, well above expectations for 149,000 new jobs.However, data released over the weekend showed that Chinese exports fell 18.1% on a year-over-year basis in February, confounding expectations for a 6.8% increase, following a rise of 10.6% in January.A separate report showed that the annual rate of inflation in China slowed to 2.0% in February, from 2.5% in January.The data added to fears over a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.Tech stocks were expected to be active, after chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices surged nearly 6% on Friday when Chief Executive Officer Rory Read said in an interview that the company makes about 30% of its sales from selling chips into devices other than PCs.That number is up from about 4% when he joined the company in 2011, according to Read. The companys shares slightly retracted in pre-market trade, down 0.25%.The energy sector was also slated to be in focus, following reports that BP is now the biggest loser among U.S. government vendors. The oil and gas giant was once the Pentagon's top fuel supplier.Bloomberg reported that a combination of no big contracts awarded and promised military work withdrawn left BP with a net loss of $654 million in federal contracts in the year that ended September 30, compared with $2.51 billion in awards in fiscal 2012.Elsewhere, Boeing shares tumbled 1.98% in early trading after a 777-200 plane disappeared with 239 passengers during a Malaysia Airlines flight to Beijing on March 8.Other stocks likely to be in focus included Urban Outfitters, scheduled to report quarterly results later in the day.Across the Atlantic, European stock markets were mixed to higher. The EURO STOXX 50 climbed 0.58%, France's CAC 40 advanced 0.87%, Germany's DAX slipped 0.11%, while Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.41%.During the Asian trading session, Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index tumbled 1.75%, while Japan's Nikkei 225 Index lost 1.01%.
Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment ResearchAt the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed.
* China trade data weak* McDonald's February same-restaurant sales fall* Boeing finds cracks in wings of Dreamliners in production* Futures down: Dow 28 pts, S&P 3 pts, Nasdaq 1 ptsBy Chuck MikolajczakNEW YORK, March 10 U.S. stocks were set to open slightly lower on Monday, on the heels of a record high for the S&P 500, following unexpectedly weak data in China which tempered enthusiasm over the strength of the global economy.* China's exports unexpectedly tumbled 18.1 percent in February, against expectations for a 6.8 percent rise, swinging the trade balance into deficit and adding to fears of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, despite the Lunar New Year holidays being blamed for the slide.* The data put a damper on positive sentiment generated by Friday's better-than-expected U.S. payrolls report, which sent the S&P 500 to a record high for a second consecutive session.* Freeport McMoRan Copper & Gold lost 1.4 percent to $31.74 in premarket trade as concerns over China sent London copper to an eight-month low.* Sunday marked the five-year anniversary of the S&P's 12-year low of 676.53, when the U.S. economy suffered its worst recession in seven decades.* In a speech at the Bank of France, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser said severe winter weather likely affected U.S. jobs growth in February, the latest U.S. central banker to suggest that some weakness in the labor market was only temporary, which suggested the Fed will stay on course in winding down its stimulus measures.* S&P 500 e-mini futures slipped 3 points and were slightly below fair value, a formula that evaluates pricing by taking into account interest rates, dividends and time to expiration on the contract. Dow Jones industrial average futures shed 28 points and Nasdaq 100 futures lost 1 point.* McDonald's Corp reported a bigger-than-expected drop in comparable global sales at established restaurants for February, with competition and bad weather battering U.S. sales.* Boeing Co shares lost 1.2 percent to $127.06 in premarket trading after the plane maker said on Friday that "hairline cracks" had been discovered in the wings of about 40 787 Dreamliners that are in production, another setback for the company's newest jet. Separately, the disappearance of a Malaysian jetliner, a Boeing 777-200ER, is an "unprecedented aviation mystery," a senior official said on Monday.* The situation in Ukraine remained unsettled. Russia's Foreign Ministry said on Monday it was outraged by lawlessness in eastern Ukraine, blaming the far-right paramilitary movement Right Sector for "conniving" with the new government in Kiev. Germany's Angela Merkel delivered a rebuke to President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, telling him that a planned Moscow-backed referendum on whether Crimea should join Russia was illegal and violated Ukraine's constitution.* Chiquita Brands and Irish rival Fyffes, Europe's largest distributor, have struck an all-stock merger deal to create the world's biggest banana supplier. Chiquita shares jumped 18.1 percent to $12.80 in premarket trade.* United Rentals Inc, the world's largest equipment rental company, said on Sunday it had agreed to acquire privately held National Pump, the second-largest specialty pump rental company in North America, for $780 million.
Page Not FoundWe're sorry! This page is not available. Please use the search boxes below or visit the Schaeffer's Investment Research homepage.
Page Not FoundThe page you requested could not be found. Please check the URL and try again or go to the RTTNews homepage. You can also try to search
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) may not be knocking off new all-time highs on a daily basis like the broader market S&P 500, but it is once again with striking distance of a new high as it's rebounded ferociously off its beginning-of-the-year swoon.Helping the Dow move decisively higher has been a steady recovery in the U.S. economy, aided by a double-digit rise in home prices, a precipitous fall in the unemployment rate, improving worker productivity, and the continuation of historically low lending rates.But are things really as they appear?Two months ago we looked at three variables that may be inflating how strong the U.S. economy actually looks. The first is the labor participation rate, which has been falling consistently for the past 14 years. Some of this drop is expected as baby boomers hit their retirement age and others go back to school, but a growing concern is that some people have simply given up on finding work. Comparing the current number of employed workers with those in mid-2008, you'd see that job creation is basically flat.Second, the Federal Reserve's economic stimulus, QE3, has been a boost for the housing and banking sector, but has spoiled the U.S. consumer by keeping rates too low for too long, By artificially keeping rates low and reducing this sense of urgency, consumers have drastically cut back on loan originations anytime lending rates tick up in the slightest.Finally, a combination of stock buybacks and cost-cutting has helped push corporate earnings higher, but it's also masking what has generally been weak organic growth.With these points in mind, I suggest we do what we do every month, which is to take a closer look at the Dow's five most hated companies -- in essence, the five stocks with the highest level of short interest -- to better understand what characteristics, if any, are attracting short-sellers so we can avoid buying similar stocks in the future.Here are the Dow's five most hated stocks.Company Short Interest As a % of Outstanding Shares Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) 5.96% Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) 4.20% AT&T 3.29% Verizon (NYSE:VZ) 2.90% IBM (NYSE:IBM) 2.58%CaterpillarWhy are investors shorting Caterpillar?The bet against heavy-duty machinery manufacturer Caterpillar has grown dramatically within just the past month, rising from 3.46% last month to 5.96% this month. The reason for the recent run higher was its sizable earnings beat in the fourth quarter, which was a complete surprise after Caterpillar had lowered its earnings guidance on three separate occasions last year. Short-sellers are betting that this past quarter, which was aided primarily by cost-cutting, was nothing more than a fluke, and that weak mining demand will continue to weigh on Caterpillar's share price.Is this short interest warranted?With Caterpillar's management remaining cautious in 2013 and not exactly knowing when this protracted downtrend in heavy-duty machinery would end, I'd suggest that a high level of skepticism could be warranted, at least in the interim. Over the long run, Caterpillar is well positioned globally and has incredible pricing and brand power, which should translate into decades of growth potential, especially in emerging markets. Over the near term, though, stagnant commodity prices could put a cap on any upside in Caterpillar's share price and play right into the hands of short-sellers.IntelWhy are investors shorting Intel?The bet against Intel hasn't changed in more than a year now, with pessimists counting on Intel's PC processing business to slowly shrink, and for the company to have to spend heavily on research and development to play catch-up with regard to mobile processing and the cloud. The end result has been stagnant top- and bottom-line growth for Intel, which short-sellers suspect will weigh on Intel's share price.Is this short interest warranted?Pessimists do have a point about continued PC declines, with research firm IDC upping its estimate this past week from an expected 3.8% decline in 2014 to 6.1%. Furthermore, IDC anticipates that PC sales will decline through 2018.While that's not good news for Intel, what is good news is that it'll still be able to generate significant cash flow from its dominant position as the processing king of PCs to fund its mobile and cloud-based R&D. Intel has already shown small snippets of success in penetrating the mobile tablet market and should be a major player in cloud-based hardware by the end of the decade. I believe you'd be doing yourself a disservice by writing off Intel here.AT&TWhy are investors shorting AT&T?The reason short-sellers have piled into AT&T has nothing to do with poor results. It merely has to do with the risk-on investing approach we're witnessing throughout the market that has traders cycling out of traditionally defensive names like AT&T, which grows at very slow but steady rate, and instead focusing on seeking out riskier but higher-growth investments. In addition, relative to Verizon, AT&T is trailing in 4G LTE-capable cities, meaning it'll have to spend bountifully if it hopes to catch its main rival. 4G LTE is a strong lure in the U.S. to gaining new smartphone subscribers.Is this short interest warranted?Somehow this short trade has indeed worked for pessimists over the past year, but I doubt it'll work over the long run. Sectorwide consolidation should help tighten AT&T's costs (AT&T is purchasing Leap Wireless), and mobile devices have practically become necessity products for much of today's consumers. What this means for AT&T is steady cash flow, a healthy dividend that's currently yielding 5.8%, and few reasons to bet against the company.VerizonWhy are investors shorting Verizon?Although telecom giants Verizon and AT&T switched spots this month, with AT&T leapfrogging Verizon in a bad way, the story is almost exactly the same for both. Like AT&T, Verizon bears a high number of short-sellers because it's generally a slower-growth business model that simply won't be able to keep up with the double-digit growth traders are witnessing in the networking and cloud-tech space. As investors cycle out of these defensive names, they tend to slowly tick lower.Is this short interest warranted?Let me be clear that I don't think betting against AT&T or Verizon is a smart idea, but with the recent acquisition of its remaining unowned interest in Verizon Wireless from Vodafone, coupled with its sizable lead in rolling out 4G LTE-capable networks across the U.S., Verizon makes even less sense than AT&T to bet against. Verizon is paying out a premium 4.4% yield, and at 12 times forward earnings it looks ripe as a possible buy, if you ask me.IBMWhy are investors shorting IBM?Are you noticing the major tech bias on this list of the Dow's most hated companies? No. 2 through No. 5 are all tech or telecom based! IBM finds its way onto this list for many similar reasons as Intel. IBM has seen its hardware division get whacked by weakening demand, and, like Intel, has had to beef up its R&D spending to develop new cloud-based products. Pessimists believes that Big Blue may simply have fallen too far behind not to see its EPS erode in the near-term.Is this short interest warranted?

Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.


Bitcoin Exchange Mt. Gox Seeks US Bankruptcy ReliefLaw360, New York (March 10, 2014, 1:50 PM EDT) -- Japanese bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox sought Chapter 15 protection in Texas on Sunday, saying it needed to halt two pending lawsuits in the U.S. while it sorts out its financial affairs through its main bankruptcy proceeding in Tokyo.Mt. Gox CEO Robert Marie Mark Karpeles said in court papers that the exchange is seeking Chapter 15 recognition of its main proceeding in Japan so that it can focus on maximizing recoveries to its creditors. Karpeles is also asking that the Texas bankruptcy court where the petition...To view the full article, register now.
TECHHackers attacked the personal blog of Mark Karpeles, CEO of Mt. Gox, one of the world's most popular bitcoin exchanges, which is now bankrupt.The company initially announced that it had lost about 850,000 bitcoins, 750,000 of which belonged to investors and users. It is estimated that the number balances out to $480 million.The attackers are claiming that, along with the 750,000 customer bitcoins, 100,000 of the company's own bitcoins and $27.3 million in customer deposits are missing, PC World reported.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy last month after the exchange mysteriously went offline, stopping cryptocurrency trades, according to PC Magazine."It's time that MTGOX got the bitcoin community's wrath instead of the bitcoin community getting Goxed," the unnamed group wrote, referring to Mt. Gox's downtime and other glitches.According to PC Magazine, the hackers posted a 716MB file of stolen data from Mt. Gox's servers to the French CEO's website, including a spreadsheet of over a million trades, 18 currencies of the company's balance (in addition to bitcoin), access to Tibanne Limited (Gox's parent company), and a screenshot of the hackers' access. Karpeles's home address and personal resume were also listed."This release would have been sooner, but in the spirit of responsible disclosure and making sure all of ducks were in a row, it took a few days longer than would have liked to verify the date," the hackers wrote, telling readers to "repost and share this info before it's gond."The initial post on Reddit was deleted, and Kerpeles's website is currently down.Mt. Gox has blamed a security issue called transaction malleability, which lets hackers manipulate transaction identification numbers, so they can steal bitcoins, PC World reports.
* Objectors allege Mt. Gox's U.S. bankruptcy part of a fraud* Opponents said Karpeles recently moved millions of dollars of bitcoins* Case may revive criticisms of U.S. shell corporationsBy Tom HalsMarch 10 Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, received U.S. bankruptcy protection on Monday to temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt. Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt. Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets. Mt. Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr. Karpeles. Respectfully, your honor, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.An attorney for Coinlab Inc, which sued Mt. Gox in Seattle for breaching a contract last year, said her client was troubled by what appeared to be fraudulent behavior by Karpeles in the days leading up the U.S. bankruptcy filing."We don't have proof yet but we do have concerns about the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins over the weekend, moved by Mr. Karpeles," said Jane Pearson, an attorney with Foster Pepper.Mt. Gox's attorney, David Parham, denied there was any fraud and said he believed Karpeles and Mt. Gox were complying with the Japanese bankruptcy proceeding.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its U.S.-based assets.Hale's order protects Mt. Gox's U.S. assets until April, when the parties will return to court and Mt. Gox will seek a permanent stay of U.S. litigation. Hale said his order staying litigation did not apply to non-debtors, presumably Karpeles.Karpeles was named in a proposed class action filed in late February by Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident. The lawsuit proposes to represent all U.S. residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on Feb. 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down and prevented traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Seattle by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox.Mt Gox's tangled web of shell corporations brings turns the spotlight back to an issue U.S. law enforcement authorities have perennially raised with Congress. Several states, including Delaware, where Karpeles had at least two registered corporations, let foreigners register new corporations without ever setting foot in the United States, relying instead on agents to act as conduits for the companies' owners.The agents send along documents like lawsuits and other business communications addressed to the companies but keep no records themselves. They do not keep track of who the company's true beneficial owner may be. When investigators want to find out more about these companies' activities, the only information they can get from the agents is contact information for whatever overseas entity has been designated to receive correspondence about the company.Such is the structure of Mutum Sigillum, a company Karpeles registered in Delaware. He used it to interact with a U.S. bank through Dwolla, an online payment network. Real money passed through Mutum Sigillum (which means "worthless little symbol" in Latin) but it left almost no paper trail in the United States.It was registered in Delaware by Vincent Allard, a French Canadian lawyer who for the past 13 years has been living in Dover, Delaware and, along with his daughter, running a business acting as a registered agent for Delaware corporations.Allard specializes in creating companies for people from Francophone countries, since he speaks French.When reached by phone on March 5, Allard said he had not heard of Mt. Gox's bankruptcy in Japan and would nevertheless have almost nothing to offer investigators if any were to come knocking.He was not in the office Monday and did not immediately respond to a request by email for comment on the Texas filing.Representatives from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies have been lobbying Congress for years to pass a bill that would prohibit states from allowing the incorporation of shell companies without better documentation and more oversight.The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act, introduced in 2011 by Sen. Carl Levin, is before the Senate Judiciary Committee awaiting a markup.The bill would require states to record the identities of the beneficial owners of corporations they register and keep a corresponding driver's license or passport number, or a copy of a foreign passport on hand, ready to turn over to law enforcement officials if necessary.The case is Mt. Gox Co Ltd, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Texas, No. 14-31229.
Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection in Dallas late Sunday, a move that will temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company.Mt. Gox, which filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February, said without U.S. protection it would spend substantial funds defending itself against a U.S. lawsuit seeking class action status that was filed in federal court in Chicago.A hearing in Dallas was scheduled for 1:30 p.m. local time on Monday to consider Mt. Gox's request to stay pending lawsuits against the company.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets.Mt. Gox's Japan filing last month came after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its U.S.-based assets. U.S. creditors can contest Mt. Gox's request for Chapter 15 protection.Mt. Gox is defending itself against at least two U.S. lawsuits.In late February, Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident, sued the company in Chicago on behalf of all U.S. residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on February 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down, preventing traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted last month.Steven Woodrow, an attorney for Greene, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Washington state filed by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox. Mark Karpeles, Mt. Gox's chief executive officer, was scheduled to be deposed in that case later this month, according to court documents.Mt. Gox is represented by David Parham of Baker & McKenzie.Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
By Tom Hals(Reuters) - Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, received U.S. bankruptcy protection on Monday to temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt. Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt. Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets. Mt. Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr. Karpeles. Respectfully, your honor, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.
March 10 Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, filed for U.S. Bankruptcy in Dallas late Sunday, a move that will temporarily put U.S. legal action on hold against the Japanese company.The company said without U.S. bankruptcy protection it would spend substantial funds defending itself against a U.S. lawsuit seeking class action status that was filed in Chicago federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan in February after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers bitcoins.
Two weeks after Mt. Gox, once the world's highest-volume Bitcoin exchange, filed for bankruptcy, angry currency traders are questioning the company's claim that it sank because of a theft.They're also contesting the numbers that former Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles logged in the exchange's ledger at the time it shuttered.On Sunday, hackers broke into Karpeles' now-erased now-defunct blog to find the exchange's balance sheets, which, the hackers say, suggest that Karpeles fleeced his clientele. In a profanity-sluiced screed that quickly made the rounds on Reddit and other social networks, the hackers accused Karpeles of squirreling away Bitcoins he'd reported stolen.To bolster that point, they posted tables detailing all the currency in Mt. Gox's reserves, including 951,116.21905382 in Bitcoin -- more than Karpeles claimed were in the company's coffers. The hackers also published links to a zip file that allows anyone to download all of Karpeles' blog posts.According to the post -- which was removed, along with Karpeles' blog -- this file includes "relevant database dumps, csv exports, specialized tools, and some highlighted summaries compiled from data," -- all of which appear to be part of Gox's internal accounting system.Now they'll be deployed as swords against the disgraced CEO."It's time that Mt. Gox got the Bitcoin communities [SIC] wrath instead of Bitcoin community getting Goxed," the cached post says. It quickly snowballed on Reddit, where users converted the zip dump into a bit torrent file, lest the original be deleted.The hackers say they would have made this leak sooner, but, in the interest of "responsible disclosure," wanted to wait and verify all the data. Nonetheless, its authenticity is still open for scrutiny.Meanwhile, fortune hasn't turned for the insolvent Tokyo-based exchange, whose proprietors just filed for Chapter 15 bankruptcy protection in the US. The company's travails created havoc for Bitcoin, but not quite enough to shake the faith of local enthusiasts like QuickCoin founder Marshall Hayner, who says he had some money invested in Gox.He hopes the fiasco will induce regulators to tighten up security for Bitcoin.
But don't go clicking any links found in the spreadsheet the hackers posted, for There Be Trojans.Update: Mt Gox has filed for US bankruptcy protection. CEO Karpales says, in the statement accompanying the bankruptcy protection documents, that it would "allow Mt Gox a necessary breathing period for it to focus on its restructuring efforts without the distraction that would result if certain litigation currently pending in the United States were allowed to proceed."According to Karpales, Mt Gox has $63.9 million in liabilities and approximately $37.7 million in assets. Karpales also claims that the hack which took down Mt Gox stole approximately 7% of the world's Bitcoin supply.Source: Ars TechnicaOriginal Story:One of the things that's been puzzling the Bitcoin community is, if the Mt Gox wallet really was emptied by person or persons unknown, where did all the coins go? You'd think a transaction of that size would show up in the public ledger of transactions, runs the theory. Those of you following all things Bitcoin related may remember that other self-appointed investigators followed a very similar theory searching for Sheep Marketplace's Bitcoin, with dismal results. Now some of Mt Gox's customers have hacked the personal blog and Reddit account of Mt Gox CEO Mark Karpales, posting what they claim is evidence of fraud. Or, as they prefer to put it, evidence that they've been Goxed.The hackers posted messages, since removed from Karpales' blog and Reddit, claiming that they had discovered where Karpales stored the loot. The hackers claim Karpales kept back 951,116 Bitcoin, though this claim may not be all it seems.For one, as Forbes points out, the spreadsheet posted by the hackers may simply indicate how badly Mt Gox dropped the ball; that all those figures show is what Mt Gox thought it had, not what it actually possessed.For another, the information posted seems to be infested with Trojans. The posts included genuine Mt Gox data mixed in with a healthy helping of .exe and Mac.app files, some of which are actually Bitcoin stealing viruses disguised as back office tools. Should you go looking for the files yourself, you're advised not to open them.One poster says that the data was obtained by installing a rootkit months ago on one of Mt Gox's servers via known Gentoo Linux distribution flaws, and the installation was successful because Karpales didn't bother to update. This same poster, nanashi, claimed to have access to much of Mt Gox's customer data in a 20GB stolen database, possibly including bank details, passwords, usernames, even passport scans. Nanashi offered this database for sale for 100 Bitcoin. "Selling it one or two times to make up personal loses from gox closure," he says.Source: Forbes
Whatever you were looking for isn't here!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
HollywoodAnne Hathaway has ventured back into independent cinema to star in one of the quirkiest films of the year, "Colossal", which she refuses to...

Page Not FoundThe page you have asked for may no longer be available or may have moved.Searching below may help you locate the items you're looking for.


Sign up today and get a 2017 Pizza Card ($80 Value) with your new subscription!7-Day Delivery + Unlimited Digital Access13 Weeks = $50.0526 Weeks = $99.8452 Weeks = $185.64What's included? You'll get delivery of The Roanoke Times every day and access to all of our digital content, including roanoke.com and the eTimes at no additional charge.Plus for a limited time get 2017 Pizza Card ($80 Value) with your new subscription!
FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAYEnter Email *First Name *Last Name *Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.


0Bitcoin is not a currency but transactions involving it should be "subject to taxation", Japan's government said Friday, in a move that could pave the way for formal regulations on the troubled virtual unit, AFP reports.Tokyo also said that banks could not broker Bitcoin transactions or open accounts holding the virtual unit, which launched just five years ago, in an apparent bid to clamp down on the digital currency.But, as regulators around the world grapple with how to handle Bitcoin, the Japanese statement did not specify if Tokyo would immediately begin cracking down on it, or how it would do so, given the unit's opaque nature.Bitcoin "does not fall under the category of a currency" as defined by Japanese law, the government statement said, echoing the views of central banks in other countries.And "generally speaking it is subject to taxation if it meets conditions laid out in income tax law, corporate tax law and sales tax law, among others", the statement added.If Bitcoin transactions were used for money laundering "that would constitute a crime", it said, adding that "there are no Japanese laws that clearly define Bitcoin"."As a matter of common sense, if there are transactions and subsequent gains, it is natural... for the finance ministry to consider how it can impose taxes," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Friday.Asked whether Japan would become a global leader on regulating Bitcoin, Suga said: "We are now sorting things out under the current law and mulling what the government can do."Unlike traditional currencies backed by central banks, Bitcoin is generated by complex chains of interactions among a huge network of computers around the planet.Its relative anonymity and lack of regulation has been attacked by critics who fear it could be used to finance organised crime or terrorism.Last week, the spectacular failure of the Japan-based MtGox trading exchange set off alarm bells over Bitcoin, which backers have promoted as a low-cost alternative to fiat currencies such as the US dollar or Japanese yen.US Federal Reserve head Janet Yellen has said the Fed had no powers over a currency that only exists virtually with no central authority behind it. Several countries, including Russia and China, have heavily restricted how Bitcoin can be used.Yellen has said US regulators, including the Treasury, are watching the Bitcoin sector for potential money laundering and other criminal uses of the digital currency.MtGox, which at one time reportedly processed 80 percent of global Bitcoin transactions, last week sought bankruptcy protection and admitted that it lost half a billion dollars worth of the digital currency.Suga said Friday that Japanese officials were closely monitoring MtGox's bankruptcy proceedings, as they try to get a handle on how and why the exchange imploded.This week, an alleged theft of $600,000 worth of the currency by hackers forced a Canada-based online business serving Bitcoin traders and investors to shut down.In more misfortune linked with the troubled currency, Singapore police on Thursday said they were investigating the "unnatural"death of a 28-year-old American boss of a Bitcoin exchange.Autumn Radtke, chief executive of Singapore-based First Meta, was found dead on February 26, but no foul play was suspected, police said.Also on Thursday, Newsweek claimed it had found the true identity of the mysterious person or group behind the Bitcoin revolution -- "Satoshi Nakamoto", a 64-year-old, Japanese-American physicist and model train enthusiast.Nakamoto has denied being involved in Bitcoin.The Bitcoin Foundation, which supports the development of the currency, would not confirm Newsweek's story.After trading for cents per Bitcoin for the first two years of its existence, it began a frenzied climb in 2011 that took it to $40 a coin in late 2012 and $1,100 last year, before falling off to the current $650 level.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.


The New York Times' Michael Schmidt, Eric Lipton and Alexandra Stevenson have a big front page story on Bill Ackman and his $1 billion bet against Herbalife.In late 2012, Ackman publicly revealed that Pershing Square had put on a $1 billion short position on Herbalife, a multi-level marketing company that sells nutritional supplements and weight loss products.Since then, he's been leveraging his political connections to help bring down Herbalife.The New York Times reports that Ackman's team has "helped organize protests, news conferences and letter-writing campaigns in California, Nevada, Connecticut, New York and Illinois, although several of the people who signed the letters to state and federal officials say they do not remember sending them."From the NYT:A wave of additional letters started to be sent to federal regulators by groups like the Hispanic Federation and the Consumer Federation. Each person contacted by The Times acknowledged in interviews that they wrote the letters after being lobbied by representatives from Pershing Square, or said they did not remember writing the letters at all. Mr. Ackman's team also then started to make payments totaling about $130,000 to some of these groups, including the Hispanic Federation - money he said was being used to help find victims of Herbalife. The pitch by Mr. Ackman peaked in early February, when nearly 30 people affiliated with Latino advocacy and church groups, several of whom had joined the cause after being briefed by consultants hired by Mr. Ackman, flew to Washington to meet with members of Congress and the head of the F.T.C., again pressing for investigators to take action against the company.Ackman believes that Herbalife operates as a "pyramid scheme" that preys upon lower income individuals, particularly from his Hispanic population. Ackman is betting that the company's share price will plummet to $0. In other words, he believes regulators, specifically the FTC, will be persuaded to shut down the company.He has also said that any personal profits he makes from the short will go to charity.So far, the short hasn't played out in Ackman's favor. Since revealing his short position, shares of the stock have skyrocketed and his fund has suffered about $500 million in mark-to-market losses. What's more is other fund managers, most notably Ackman's long-time rival Carl Icahn, have amassed significant long positions in the stock.Still, Ackman has said that he will take his Herbalife short "to the end of the earth."One way to do that is to lobby.Since Ackman's short position became public, a slew of letters calling for an investigation of Herbalife have been sent to the FTC by various consumer and Hispanic groups. Some of the letters have come from a couple members of Congress.Both sides have the right to lobby. What's more is Herbalife's lobbying has dwarfed Pershing Square's contributions. According to Reuters, Herbalife spent $2 million on federal lobbying in 2013.Read the full NYTimes investigation here >



Useragent BlockedYour user agent has been blocked from this site. It appears unusual / abusive traffic has been arriving using your user agent.Robots should follow all instructions including honoring robots.txt and properly following links.If you feel this is an error please contact shardin@aimmediaindiana.com for review

A passenger waits for his flight near a Delta Air Lines logo at Detriot Airport November 20, 2010. REUTERS/Sim Wei YangMajor U.S. airlines on Monday said cancellations of thousands of flights would hurt first-quarter profit, but some added that revenue would still show improvement.Flight cancellations tend to add to airline costs during the first quarter, when winter storms hit the hardest. Five U.S. carriers - Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N), American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O), JetBlue Airways Corp (JBLU.O), Southwest Airlines Co (LUV.N) and United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL.N) - said that winter storms had led to more than 78,000 canceled flights among them.Some airlines cited a noticeable increase in their canceled flights tied to bad weather this year, with American Airlines saying its 28,000 cancellations for January and February more than doubled from the year earlier.Delta said that as of the end of January, its cancellations from bad weather had topped all of those for 2013.Delta told a J.P. Morgan investor conference disruption from winter storms hurt revenue for the current quarter by $90 million as it canceled 17,000 flights. The storms dented pretax profit for the quarter by about $55 million, Delta added.The carrier said it expected operating margin, a measure of income to costs, of 6.5 percent to 7.5 percent for the first quarter, compared with a prior view of 6 percent to 8 percent.Cancellations can help unit revenue, an important measure of pricing power and how full planes are, as more travelers are put on remaining flights.Delta said unit revenue would rise 3 percent to 4 percent in the current quarter, compared with its prior view of a 2 percent to 4 percent increase. American added it still expected unit revenue to rise about 2 percent to 4 percent in the period.United said it halted 23,000 flights tied to weather in the first two months of 2014. The company had disclosed last month that disruption from the storms would hurt first-quarter unit revenue.JetBlue told the same conference it canceled nearly 4,000 flights because of the winter storms, and Southwest said it halted about 6,500 flights in January and February.JetBlue forecast a 1 percent to 2 percent rise in first quarter unit revenue, while Southwest outlined expected growth of 3 percent.Cowen & Co airline analyst Helane Becker cut her first quarter profit estimate for Delta to 30 cents a share from 32 cents in a note to clients, citing the updated outlook. She raised her quarterly estimate for Southwest to 17 cents a share from 14 cents, but also cut her estimate for JetBlue for the period to 6 cents a share from 13 cents.Shares of the major U.S. airlines ended mixed, with Delta down 0.5 percent to $35.17 and United off 2.3 percent to $46.66. American was off 0.2 percent to $38.96 and JetBlue fell 1.8 percent to $8.87. Southwest shares rose 2.2 percent to $23.60.(Reporting by Karen Jacobs in Atlanta and Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Chicago; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Marguerita Choy)


* To end ticketing agreement effective Monday* To also end reciprocal frequent-flyer program* Merger with US Airways gives "greater connectivity" - spokesmanMarch 10 American Airlines said it planned to end agreements covering ticketing, baggage handling and frequent-flyer programs with JetBlue Airways after its merger with US Airways gave it "greater connectivity" along the U.S. East Coast.American Airlines, which merged with US Airways in December to form American Airlines Group Inc, had a so-called interline agreement with JetBlue that allowed customers to buy connecting flights on each other's planes on one ticket.New York-based JetBlue has 80 percent of its operations in the U.S. Northeast."Through the merger with US Airways, American's network along the East Coast provides greater connectivity and customer benefits and there is no longer a need to supplement our combined network coverage with the JetBlue agreement," American Airlines' spokesman Casey Norton wrote in an email to Reuters.Carriers enter into interline agreements because they allow them to offer more destinations without having to make large investments.The partnership with American Airlines was "not overly material when we think about the other partnerships that we have," JetBlue Chief Executive Dave Barger said at a JP Morgan conference in New York City on Monday.JetBlue, which has similar agreements with 30 other carriers, also said it expected unit revenue, a measure of passenger revenue per available seat mile, to rise 1-2 percent in the current quarter.American Airlines and JetBlue will not accept new interline ticket sales with each other from Monday, the companies said in a statement.The carriers also said customers using their reciprocal frequent-flyer programs would no longer earn miles or points when traveling on eligible routes, effective April 1.The frequent-flyer program agreement between the two includes select routes from Boston Logan International Airport and New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.All American Airlines' "AAdvantage" miles or JetBlue's "TrueBlue" points already accrued through this partnership will be credited to customers' accounts and will not be affected, the carriers said.American Airlines Group also said its February load factor, or percentage of seats sold, fell to 78.4 percent from 78.7 percent a year earlier.American Airlines shares were down about 1 percent at $38.55 in early trading. JetBlue's shares were down 0.55 percent.

Editors PickFederal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai is working quickly to roll back the agency's Obama-era net neutrality rules, according to various media reports. The new plan would require internet service providers to voluntarily agree to maintain an open internet and also shift oversight of ensuring compliance back to the Federal Trade Commission, rather than the FCC,Lyft Inc. has raised a new $500 million round of funding, according reports said. This boosts the ride-sharing service's post-money valuation to about $7.5 billion. Lyft had earlier raised more than $2 billion and was last valued at $5.5 billion.Rue21 Inc. could soon be joining the growing list of apparel retailers filing for bankruptcy as the company struggles with a huge debt and sluggish mall traffic. The Warrendale, Pennsylvania-based teen fashion retailer is owned by private equity firm Apax Partners LP.
404Sorry, the page you requested was not found.Please check the URL for mistakes. You can also try using the site navigation or search tool to find your content.
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
Not found!We've got a brand new website and I'm afraid the link you followed no longer exists.Please click here to return to our homepage: http://www.tribtown.com
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - While the use of buses, trains and subways is on the rise in many U.S. cities, ridership in the Portland region's much touted TriMet system has fallen off.New data released by the American Public Transportation Association shows it was down 3.8 percent from the past year.In 2013, TriMet recorded 98.8 million rides, compared to about 102.7 million rides in 2012.TriMet's spokeswoman Mary Fetsch says the recent decrease is due to the elimination of the Free Rail Zone in Portland, fare hikes, more fare enforcement, and service cuts made during the recession.The agency says it has added back more bus service in September and has restored frequent bus service on its busiest Portland routes. A new Portland-to-Milwaukie light rail line is also slated to open in 2015.Ridership on MAX, the TriMet's light rail, saw the largest dip, 6.1 percent. Some 38.4 million trips were taken on MAX in 2013, about 2,000 less than the previous year.TriMet bus ridership also decreased 2.4 percent, going from about 60.4 million rides in 2012 to about 58.9 million in 2013.The area's commuter rail line saw more success. The Westside Express Service or WES, which connects Beaverton and Wilsonville, saw a 10 percent increase in ridership. Rides increased from 430,000 in 2012 to 480,000 in 2013.Federal officials have previously hailed Portland area's public transportation as visionary, easy to use and a model for other cities. TriMet's bus and MAX routes carry a combined 312,000 riders on an average weekday.Over the past two decades, ridership of TriMet has steadily increased until the Great Recession and then leveled. It declined, especially on MAX, between 2012 and 2013.Other mass transit systems in Oregon also didn't see much rise in ridership.The Salem-Keizer Transit, popularly known as Cherriots, also saw a decrease of 2.4 percent. And ridership of Wilsonville's South Metro Area Regional Transit aka SMART remained stagnant.Nationally, public transit systems saw the highest total of rides since 1956 nearly 10.7 billion trips in 2013. Cities such as Houston, New York, Seattle, Miami, Denver and San Diego saw large ridership gains.
Americans are boarding public buses, trains and subways in greater numbers than any time since the suburbs began booming.Nearly 10.7 billion trips in 2013, to be precise - the highest total since 1956, according to ridership data reported by transit systems nationally and released Monday by the American Public Transportation Association.Transit ridership has now fully recovered from a dip caused by the Great Recession. With services restored following economy-driven cutbacks, ridership numbers appear set to continue what had been a steady increase."People are making a fundamental shift to having options" aside from a car in how they get around, said Michael Melaniphy, president and CEO of the public transportation association. "This is a long-term trend. This isn't just a blip."Expanding bus and train networks help spur the growth.Ridership on Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority light-rail trains increased 6 percent over 2012, as the public took advantage of an expanded network of lines. Overall, LA Metro gained 9 million trips to reach 478 million in 2013, the transportation association said. Among the other transit systems in California with record ridership was the Caltrain commuter rail service that connects San Francisco with Silicon Valley.Houston, which has been more notable for its sprawl than its public transportation offerings, had a large ridership gain. So did Seattle, Miami, Denver and San Diego. The New York area's behemoth transit network saw the greatest gain, accounting for one in three trips nationally.Transit advocates argue that the public increasingly values the ability to get around without a car. They offer as evidence the nation's urban shift and the movement to concentrate new development around transit hubs."People want to work and live along transit lines," Melaniphy said. "Businesses, universities and housing are all moving along those corridors." (AP)

INDIANAPOLIS -- On April 6, 1917, the United States entered World War I. As it does today, the state of Indiana answered our nation's call to service. "Few states have answered the way Indiana has. In fact, every time our freedom has been challenged, we have answered that call...
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Sorry, the page you requested on News5Cleveland.com was not found.Please check the URL for mistakes. You can also try using the site navigation or search tool to find your content.Return to Home
Photo by Chris RiefLast year was a big one for public transportation: Americans took 10.7 billion trips in 2013, the highest level of public transit use since 1956, according to a report from the American Public Transportation Association.The biggest gain nationwide between 2012 and 2013 was seen in heavy rail use (a 2.8 percent change), but this was not the case for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. Indeed, ridership on D.C.'s heavy rail system decreased by 2.65 percent. (From 280,904,200 in 2012 to 273,464,800 in 2013.) But bus ridership increased by 3.45 percent over the same time period. (From 130,236,700 in 2012 to 134,726,100 in 2013.)Combined, the system saw a .72 percent decrease in ridership between 2012 and 2013, according to APTA's info.In an oversight report to the D.C. Council, Metro put its rail ridership between January and December of 2013 at 245,913,697. Bus ridership was not provided.
Americans made nearly 10.7 billion public transport trips in 2013, the most since 1956.Americans are boarding public buses, trains and subways in greater numbers than any time since the suburbs began booming.Nearly 10.7 billion trips in 2013, to be precise - the highest total since 1956, according to ridership data reported by transit systems nationally and released Monday by the American Public Transportation Association.Transit ridership has now fully recovered from a dip caused by the Great Recession. With services restored following economy-driven cutbacks, ridership numbers appear set to continue what had been a steady increase."People are making a fundamental shift to having options" aside from a car in how they get around, said Michael Melaniphy, president and CEO of the public transportation association."This is a long-term trend. This isn't just a blip."Expanding bus and train networks help spur the growth.Ridership on Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority light-rail trains increased 6 per cent over 2012, as the public took advantage of an expanded network of lines.Overall, LA Metro gained 9 million trips to reach 478 million in 2013, the transportation association said.Among the other transit systems in California with record ridership was the Caltrain commuter rail service that connects San Francisco with Silicon Valley.Houston, which has been more notable for its sprawl than its public transportation offerings, had a large ridership gain.So did Seattle, Miami, Denver and San Diego.The New York area's behemoth transit network saw the greatest gain, accounting for one in three trips nationally.Transit advocates argue that the public increasingly values the ability to get around without a car. They offer as evidence the nation's urban shift and the movement to concentrate new development around transit hubs."People want to work and live along transit lines," Melaniphy said."Businesses, universities and housing are all moving along those corridors."

HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
* China Feb exports tumble, stoke slowdown fears* Oil production at Libya's El Sharara field restarted* Coming up: API data Tuesday at 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT) (Rewrites top, updates with settlement prices, adds analyst commentary)By Jeanine Prezioso and Elizabeth DiltsNEW YORK, March 10 U.S. oil fell by more than $1 per barrel on Monday to a three-week low, pressured by an unexpected drop in China's exports that stoked fears of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.Oil prices were weighed by moderate temperatures that reduced the need for heating fuels and refinery maintenance season in the U.S., when demand typically wanes.U.S. commercial crude oil inventories were forecast to have risen by 2.2 million barrels on average last week, according to a Reuters survey taken ahead of weekly inventory reports from the American Petroleum Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration.As well, oil on both sides of the Atlantic was pressured by easing fears over the crisis in Crimea."We're rolling into refinery maintenance season and the market was bid up too far on the Ukrainian news," said Paul Smith, chief risk officer with Mobius Risk Group in Houston. "I see no issue with U.S. crude going below $100."U.S. oil settled $1.46 lower at $101.12 a barrel, its lowest since Feb. 14. After two straight days of gains, Brent crude settled 92 cents lower at $108.08.U.S. ultra low-sulfur diesel futures, more commonly known as heating oil, fell 4.5 cents to settle at $2.9674 per gallon.With heating season coming to an end and refiners in maintenance season, traders and analysts expect that oil leaving Cushing will pool along the coast, forcing a temporary glut and capping prices until stocks are drawn down to make gasoline for summer driving season. Oil stocks in the Gulf Coast have risen every week over the last 1-1/2 months."We will continue to see draws out of Cushing, but I think we will see much larger builds on the Gulf Coast," said Tariq Zahir, managing member of commodity trading advisor Tyche Capital Advisors in New York.In line with maintenance season, refinery utilization for the week ending March 7 was expected to have fallen, though by less than last week, the preliminary survey showed.The API will release its data on Tuesday at 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT), while the EIA will publish its data on Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. EDT (1430 GMT).China released weak data overnight that showed the No. 2 oil consumer's exports in February fell 18.1 percent from a year earlier. Many risk assets and stock markets fell on the weak data even though it likely reflects a slowdown due to the Lunar New Year holidays. Copper prices hit an eight-month low.Oil traders seemed to put tensions in Ukraine on the back burner, though Russia's continued push to tighten its grip on Crimea was expected to keep markets volatile.Brent oil was alternately supported and pressured by the ongoing crisis in Libya that has cut into oil output. Libya's parliament has ordered that a special force be sent within one week to "liberate" all rebel-held ports in the volatile east, officials said on Monday, raising the stakes over a blockage that has cut off vital oil revenues.Libya's National Oil Company said production had restarted at the El Sharara field which feeds export terminals in the west and might reach full capacity on Tuesday afternoon. (Additional reporting by Lin Noueihed in London and Manash Goswami in Singapore; Editing by Marguerita Choy, Bernadette Baum and Phil Berlowitz)
U.S. oil fell by more than $1 per barrel on Monday, pressured by an unexpected fall in China's exports that stoked fears of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.Moderating temperatures that will cut the need for heating fuels also weighed on U.S. oil prices. U.S. ultra low-sulfur diesel futures, more commonly known as heating oil, were down 1.5 percent.Oil on both sides of the Atlantic was pressured as traders unwound some of the risk premium associated with fears of an escalation in tensions in Crimea over the weekend. The crisis in Ukraine had pushed money managers to collect a record number of bullish bets in U.S. oil futures and options last week, U.S. government data showed on Friday.
Our sincere apologies! Try one of these pages on our site to help you find your way back to digital civilization. Thanks for your patience!


U.S. stock index futures pointed to a flat-to-higher open on Monday, after Asian stocks plunged following poor data out of both Japan and China.Japan's Nikkei 225 (Nihon Kenzai Shinbun: .N225) fell over 1.0 percent early in the day, after data showed the Japanese economy grew 0.7 percent year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2013, down from a preliminary reading of 1.0 percent.(Read more: Japan's fourth-quarter GDP revised down )"It's kind of a miss. I don't think it's enough to shock the Bank of Japan into action, but it is worrying, probably because business investment is still not looking strong," HSBC Economist Izumi Devalier told CNBC Asia's " Squawk Box ."Meanwhile, China's Shanghai Composite (Shanghai Stock Exchange: .SSEC) fell 2.9 percent, following data on Saturday that showed the country running a trade deficit of $23 billion in February. That compared to forecasts for a surplus of $14.5 billion.(Read more: Copper's 'fall out of bed' underscores China woes )In the U.S., the coming week looks set to be a quieter one for economic news, following Friday's strong-than-expected payrolls."The 175,000 rise in U.S. payroll employment in February, which followed an average rise of 115,000 in the previous two months, is all the more impressive since activity was clearly hampered by the unusually severe weather," said Paul Dales of Capital Economics in a research note.Few companies will report earnings on Monday, although Urban Outfitters (URBN) is due to post quarterly numbers after Wall Street closes.(Track: European markets live )Correction:This story has been updated to reflect that Urban Outfitters will report its results after Wall Street closes.-By CNBC's Katy BarnatoMore From CNBC
PAGE UNAVAILABLEThe document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.You may use the "Back" button in your browser to return to the previous page or click Home to return to the WSJ.com home page.To report this problem, contact Customer Support at support@wsj.com

CLOSE X Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. UpdateClear List CLOSE X Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color SelectorSelect the background color of your choice: Black Slate Gray Light Gray Gray BlueQuote SearchSelect a default target page for your quote search: Real-TimeAfter HoursPre-MarketNews Flash QuoteSummary QuoteInteractive ChartsDefault SettingIf you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com CLOSE X Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO
Ooops... Error 404Sorry, but the page you are looking for doesn't exist.You can go to the HOMEPAGE
. (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images)NEW YORK (AP) - Sbarro says it's filing for Chapter 11 reorganization, marking the struggling pizza chain's second trip through bankruptcy court in less than three years.The filing comes shortly after it closed 155 of its U.S. locations. It still has more than 800 locations worldwide.Sbarro had also filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2011 and emerged a few months later, saying that it significantly cut its debt and received a capital infusion. A new CEO then led a push to revitalize the chain's image by touting new recipes and ovens. But the efforts apparently didn't take hold.Sbarro, based in Melville, N.Y., says its strategy of store closings and balance sheet restructuring will improve its profitability and reduce outstanding debt by more than 80 percent.(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Pizza chain Sbarro files for bankruptcyLenders would take control of the Melville, New York-based company under a "pre-packaged" Chapter 11 reorganization, which Sbarro on Monday said could allow it to made a "quick exit" from bankruptcy before May 7.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pizza chain Sbarro LLC has filed for bankruptcy protection for the second time in three years after struggling with too much debt and fewer customers in malls that house many of its restaurants.Sbarro expects to cut its debt load by more than 80 percent, and said nearly all its lenders support its restructuring, which requires court approval. The company will invite other buyers to submit better offers.Founded in 1956, Sbarro had tried to boost sales by revamping its recipes to entice diners who increasingly favor "fast casual" chains such as Chipotle and Panera Bread.But an "unprecedented decline in mall traffic" and an "unsustainable" balance sheet necessitated a restructuring, including the closure of hundreds of restaurants, Chief Financial Officer Carolyn Spatafora said in a court filing."Sbarro has been stuck with an outdated business model," said Michael Whiteman, a restaurant consultant and president of Baum & Whiteman LLC in Brooklyn, New York. "Its biggest shortcoming is that it sells food that has been sitting out for a while, and more people want food made to order."The company said it recently closed more than 180 money-losing restaurants, and expects to shed about 50 more locations.It said it now has 799 restaurants in over 40 countries, employing more than 2,700 people. Sbarro said the bankruptcy does not affect the 582 restaurants owned by franchisees.Last month, the company announced plans to close 155 of its 400 company-owned restaurants in North America.Sbarro was founded in Brooklyn by Gennaro and Carmela Sbarro, a married couple who had immigrated from Naples, Italy.It expanded in the New York City area before launching in 1967 its typical restaurant format, which includes an open kitchen and lets customers serve themselves.NECESSARY STEPSbarro and 33 affiliates filed for protection from creditors with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan.The company reported assets of $175.4 million and liabilities of $165.2 million. It plans to shed $140 million of secured debt in the reorganization. Advisers include Moelis & Co, Loughlin Management and the law firm Kirkland & Ellis.Sbarro previously filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2011, and emerged from Chapter 11 the following November."The board and senior management team are committed to ensuring Sbarro's future growth and success and today's filing is a necessary step," Chief Executive David Karam said.Karam joined Sbarro last March from the hamburger chain Wendy's Co , where he was a president.Whiteman said Sbarro may face an uphill struggle."I don't know that it has a sustainable business over the longer term," he said. "The way to turn the company around in the short haul is to get out of money-losing leases and close stores, which it has been doing."The case is In re: Sbarro LLC, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-10557.(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe, Phil Berlowitz, Paul Simao and Sofina Mirza-Reid)

FACT CHECK See inaccurate information in this story? Tell us here.

A ANEW YORK (AP) Sbarro said Monday that it is filing for Chapter 11 reorganization, the struggling pizza chain's second trip through bankruptcy court in less than three years.The filing comes after the company shuttered 155 of its U.S. locations last month. Sbarro had cited declining traffic in the mall food courts where it does much of its business for the closures. The company did not immediately provide details on whether any marketing or in-store changes were planned to help update its image and boost sales.It says it still has more than 800 locations worldwide.Sbarro also filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2011 and emerged a few months later, saying that it significantly cut its debt and received a capital infusion. A new CEO then led a push to revitalize the chain's image by touting new recipes and ovens. But the efforts apparently didn't take hold.Sbarro, based in Melville, N.Y., says its strategy of store closings and balance sheet restructuring will improve its profitability and reduce outstanding debt by more than 80 percent. It said its filing is designed to "allow for a quick exit from bankruptcy" as it executes a broader plan developed by the new management team.
Apr 8 2017 - Republicans, Democrats Support U.S. Airstrikes in Syria, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Washington, April 07 (QNA) - Democrats and Republicans members of the US Congress offered both praise to President Trump's Thursday missile strike on Syria. "We salute ...Apr 8 2017 - Israeli Plane Flies Over Lebanon's South, West Bekaa, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Beirut, April 07 (QNA) - An hostile Israeli plane violated the Lebanese airspace above Nakoura and effectuated circular flights above regions in the South and West Bekaa, ...Apr 8 2017 - Russia Suspends Memorandum With US on Flight Safety in Syria, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Moscow, April 07 (QNA) - Russia has suspended its memorandum of understanding on air safety over Syria with the United States following the US missile attack on the ...Apr 8 2017 - Trump Accepts Xi's Invitation To Visit China, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Florida, April 07 (QNA) - US President Donald Trump accepted his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping's invitation to visit China, Xinhua News Agency reported on Friday. Trump ...Apr 8 2017 - Merkel, Hollande Back US Airstrikes against Syrian Regime, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Berlin, April 07 (QNA) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande on Friday issued a joint statement in support of USairstrikes on a Syrian ...Apr 8 2017 - NATO Chief Blames Damascus for U.S. Strike on Syria Airbase, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Brussels, April 07 (QNA) - NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has blamed the Syrian regime for the U.S. airstrikes against Shayrat airbase in Syria's Homs on Friday. ...Apr 8 2017 - Saudi Arabia, UAE and Bahrain Support U.S. Operation on Military Targets in Syria, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Riyadh, April 07 (QNA) - Saudi Arabia has expressed strong support for the U.S. military operations carried out against military targets in Syria, blaming the ...Apr 8 2017 - President of Tunisia Meets Arab League Secretary-General, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Tunis, April 07 (QNA) - President of Tunisia Beji Caid Essebssi met here today with Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Abo Al Ghait, who was visiting Tunisia to take ...Apr 8 2017 - EU Foreign Affairs High Representative to Visit Algeria Saturday, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Algiers, April 07 (QNA) - The High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini will visit Algeria Saturday, after she ...Apr 8 2017 - U.S. Senate Confirms Ninth Supreme Court Member, Qatar News Agency(MENAFN - Qatar News Agency) Washington, April 07 (QNA) - President Donald Trump's choice to fill a vacant seat on the nine-member U.S. Supreme Court was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on Friday after ...
Our sincere apologies! Try one of these pages on our site to help you find your way back to digital civilization. Thanks for your patience!
- Sbarro said Monday that it is filing for bankruptcy reorganization, the struggling pizza chain's second trip through bankruptcy court in less than three years.The filing comes after the company last month announced it would be close 155 of its 400 North American stores, most of which are located in malls and airports.The company did not immediately provide details on whether any marketing or in-store changes were planned to help update its image and boost sales. It says it still has more than 800 locations worldwide.Sbarro also filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2011 and emerged a few months later, saying that it significantly cut its debt and received a capital infusion. A new CEO then led a push to revitalize the chain's image by touting new recipes and ovens. But the efforts apparently didn't take hold.Sbarro, based in Melville, N.Y., says its strategy of store closings and balance sheet restructuring will improve its profitability and reduce outstanding debt by more than 80 percent. It said its filing is designed to "allow for a quick exit from bankruptcy" as it executes a broader plan developed by the new management team.Sbarro, sagging under $140 million in debt, had cited declining traffic in the mall food courts where it does much of its business for the closures.Other restaurant chains have been hurt by declining mall traffic in recent recent years. Hot Dog on a Stick, an employee-owned chain with locations mostly in the West and Midwest, cited expensive mall leases in declaring bankruptcy last month.
We told you last week that mediocre pizza-slinger and mall mainstay Sbarro would likely be filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Today, it made that filing official, making this the second bankruptcy for Sbarro since the spring of 2011.The pizza chain has some $140 million in debt to lenders. According to the Wall Street Journal, the bankruptcy plan would hand over control of the company to the creditors in exchange for wiping away that red ink. The lenders involved in the deal will also provide a $20 million bankruptcy loan to aid in restructuring the chain that has faltered in the face of increased competition and decreased foot traffic to the malls that have called Sbarro home for decades.Sbarro will also be put on the auction block to see if anyone is willing to buy the beleaguered restaurant chain.The bankruptcy comes on the heels of a recent announcement to shutter 155 of the remaining 400 Sbarro locations in North America. There are another 600 Sbarro locations outside of North America that are unaffected by this filing.The company filed for bankruptcy in 2011 and was able to substantially reduce its debt from $400 million to its current level.
Sorry, but the page you were trying to view does not exist.Search for: Search
Baby Encounters A Pony For Very The First Time - But Nobody Could Have Predicted What
Error 404 - Page not foundThe resource you are looking for could not be found!It could have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.Please review the URL and make sure that it is spelled correctly.
Sbarro has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, according to a report from Bloomberg News.The embattled pizza chain is in the process of closing 155 stores in an attempt to become more profitable.The closures were all company-owned stores in North America, not franchises, according to Bloomberg.Sbarro has more than 800 stores total.The pizza chain most commonly seen in mall food courts is still trying to recover from its 2011 bankruptcy.This story is developing. We'll update as we know more.
Analysts agree the housing market is heading for a correction, but the extent and pace of that correction is far less certain.

* South Stream talks on hold politically* Bulgaria says South Stream still needs to be built* Permission to feed more Nord Stream gas into EU also delayed* Europe seeks long-term alternatives to Russian gas (Adds detail throughout)By Vera Eckert and Barbara LewisFRANKFURT/BRUSSELS, March 10 Brussels dealt a blow on Monday to two major Russian pipeline projects to supply natural gas to Europe, in the latest sign of strains in the energy links between Moscow and the European Union.Russia's seizure of Ukraine's Crimea region has already shaken political relations between Russia and the European Union.In Brussels, the crisis is likely to intensify efforts to reduce energy dependence on Russia, while Moscow has long sought to curb its reliance on Ukraine as the main pipeline route for shipping Russian gas to Europe, its biggest market.Russia has begun building the South Stream pipeline project to carry up to 15 percent of Europe's annual gas demand via the Black Sea by 2018.But the pipeline still lacks important approvals to comply with EU legislation, including obtaining exemptions from rules that limit pipeline ownership and require access be provided to other gas firms or utilities.The European Commissioner for Energy, Guenther Oettinger, told German newspaper Die Welt on Monday that discussions with Russia on the link were suspended."I won't accelerate talks about pipelines such as South Stream for the time being; they will be delayed," Oettinger, a German national, was quoted as saying.Commission spokeswoman Sabine Berger said he was referring only to political talks but said he had made clear that South Stream faces a long wait for legal clearance.The Oxford Institute for Energy Studies warned on Monday that there was "a strong possibility" of a reduction of EU-Russian energy cooperation, which would have substantial economic costs for Europe.If that happens, the institute said that "the military and political crisis over Crimea and the change of Ukrainian government had catalysed an additional crisis in EU-Russia relations, in the gas sphere".Bulgaria, one of the European nations almost totally dependent on Russian gas, said on Monday that South Stream remained of "substantial significance" to Europe and therefore should be built despite the current crisis.BLOW TO EXISTING PIPELINEOne of Russia's existing alternative routes to supply western Europe without passing Ukraine, the Nord Stream Pipeline, was also hit on Monday.Introduced in 2011, Nord Stream pumps gas from Russia via the Baltic Sea into Germany.But the pipeline is underused, and Russia's Gazprom says it could pump more if EU rules allowed it full access to the Opal pipeline project, which aims to link northeastern Germany, where Nord Stream makes landfall, to the Czech Republic.Russian President Vladimir Putin said in January the Commission had agreed to allow Russia 100 percent access.But an EU spokeswoman said the executive had delayed a decision on this access, which was initially expected on Monday, citing a need for technical clarification."The Commission aims for rapid clarification of the remaining issues and will work on this together with the relevant authorities," she said.Opal has capacity of 36 billion cubic metres, but it has been operating at half that for the last three years.ALTERNATIVE SUPPLIESRussia and the Commission also are at odds over an inquiry into alleged anti-competitive behaviour by Gazprom, including overcharging customers and blocking rivals.A Commission spokesman said the Ukraine crisis would have no impact on this inquiry.While Europe lacks immediate alternatives to replace Russian supplies, long-term efforts are in place to reduce Moscow's dominance in the sector.In an event that was not directly related but of significance to Russia's future role in European gas markets, Greece launched an international tender on Monday for a study on the feasibility of a proposed pipeline to access large, recently discovered East Mediterranean reserves from Israel and Cyprus.There are also hopes that North American shipments of liquefied natural gas (LNG) could come to Europe and help reduce Russia's influence.Following a shale gas production boom, the United States is expected to begin exporting LNG from 2015, although analysts say that U.S. exporters would prefer selling to Asia, where prices are twice as high as in Europe. (Writing by Henning Gloystein in London; Editing by David Evans and Jane Baird)

The CEO of OAO Gazprom (NASDAQOTH:OGZPY) has warned of a possible withholding of natural gas supplies to Ukraine, citing nearly $2 billion in unpaid bills amid the economic turmoil in the country.The ongoing diplomatic crisis between Ukraine and Russia, along with Gazprom's status as an enormous Russian company, have made this billing dispute more critical. Several U.S. officials, including House Speaker John Boehner, are pushing for the U.S. to increase natural gas exports to blunt the influence of Gazprom.A long, winding road to marketGetting U.S. natural gas on the international market has been a major struggle for producers for years. The Department of Energy has to approve every export, and the White House downplayed the chances of any major move, saying they don't see exports having much impact.As a practical matter, that's probably true. Ukraine's non-payment is a bigger issue than anything, and U.S. producers aren't going to be any more willing to give them free gas than Gazprom is. Still, there's a silver lining to all of this.Gas export complexities aren't a brand new problem, but they're something that has rarely gotten any political attention. The Ukraine situation may be just the excuse needed to get some much-needed attention for this problem, and even if the administration is unwilling to change policies now, with upcoming elections there could be a shift toward more action on freeing the market.Who benefits?With a lot of excess production available, the domestic price of natural gas is not expected to see a major impact from the exports. Prices are higher overseas, however, and having access to those markets at all could be a windfall for major producers, who can more easily grab some of that market share in Europe and Asia.The biggest potential winner is Chesapeake Energy (NYSE:CHK), the largest gas-focused producer in the U.S. The company is trading at a modest price right now with plenty of room to run, though with a current ratio of only 0.66 and a lot of debt there is more risk there than most.Canadian-based Encana (NYSE:ECA) is a somewhat safer choice, though it is also higher priced. It is also growing somewhat slower than the industry average, so it's tough to consider it a bargain at these prices.The safest by far, in my opinion, is Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC), which has been putting a lot of money into expanding its natural gas business in recent years. The company has higher margins than the other two producers mentioned, and it has the lucrative oil business to fall back on if the natural gas boom doesn't materialize. It stands as a responsibly priced company that is growing natural gas production at just the right time.And then there's GazpromAfter looking at those figures, this is another excellent time to look at the numbers on Gazprom itself, which dropped with the rest of the Russian stock market on the Ukraine crisis, and is trading at a criminally low price.While the other companies are looking at P/Es in the teens, Gazprom's P/E is hovering around 2, and trading at roughly a quarter of its book value. The company has much higher margins than other natural gas-centric plays, and is a market leader.Rather, Gazprom is the market leader, by far the largest natural gas company in the world. The company sees ten times the revenue of Chesapeake, and despite the panic selling over Ukraine, the company is irreplaceable to Europe, and that's true no matter how quickly the U.S. majors can start getting more exports to market.
LONDON, March 10 (UPI) -- British utility companies shouldn't use the crisis over Ukraine as an excuse to raise consumer energy prices, British Energy Secretary Ed Davey said.European consumers are wary of a repeat of a 2009 gas contract dispute between Ukraine and Russian energy company Gazprom that resulted in a brief supply disruption. With Russia frustrated with recent political developments in Ukraine, Davey warned utility companies against raising prices in response to the crisis."Companies tend to buy their gas forwardly, 18 months in advance," he was quoted by the British newspaper the Daily Telegraph as saying Sunday. "So they shouldn't be using [the Ukrainian crisis] as an excuse to put up people's prices."European consumers get about a quarter of their gas needs met by Russia. Most of that runs through the Soviet-era transit network in Ukraine.Davey said there was an increase in oil and gas prices on the international market in response to the row, which erupted in November when ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych backed out of a trade deal with the European Union."They've now come down, but if there was an escalation, if there was a military conflict that went on for months and months, there could be an impact on prices," he said.
Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment ResearchAt the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed.
Sign up for ValueWalk's FREE newsletter to get our best articles sent straight to your inbox and our free in-depth studies on famous investors
Our sincere apologies! Try one of these pages on our site to help you find your way back to digital civilization. Thanks for your patience!

Shocking no one, Russia's top natural gas producer, Gazprom, announced last Tuesday that it will cancel a discount on the price it charges for gas in Ukraine.The bargain, a sweet 30% off the price of gas, was a bid by Moscow to deter Ukraine from accepting a trade deal with the EU."This is not linked to politics or anything," Russian President Vladimir Putin told reporters on Tuesday, regarding the discount cancellation.The ongoing Ukraine crisis is often cast as a battle of values, East versus West. But another way of looking at things is to follow the old gas lines.In a nutshell:Ukraine would freeze without Russia.Some 60% of Ukraine's consumed gas comes from Russia. Over the years this reliance has given rise to a so-called gas "mafia" in Kyiv. Ukrainian oligarchs, working closely with Russian suppliers, have taken advantage of the dependency. It is widely believe that these elites siphon money from state coffers and actively prevent Ukraine from developing a sustainable energy sector. All the while, foreign investors are scared away.Similarly, Russian energy supplies help Moscow to keep a firm grip on other former Soviet states like Moldova and Georgia. In September Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin threatened to cut off Moldova's gas supply during the winter if the country continued on its pro-EU economic course. "We hope," said Rogozin to Moldavians, "that you will not freeze."Europe is hooked too.Russia supplies, but Ukraine is the middleman. This helps to explain why some European states (like Germany) have been cagey about imposing sanctions on Russia. Germany and Ukraine are Gazprom's biggest foreign purchasers.Russia is Europe's largest natural gas supplier, supplying about one-third of the continent's natural gas, more than half of which travels through Ukraine. Important pipelines pass through Ukraine to Slovakia, and then on to Germany, Italy and Austria.So, what would happen if Russia switched off the Ukrainian pipes? Actually it has done just that twice over the last decade, in 2006 and again in 2009, amid pricing disputes between Kyiv and Moscow. The result: gas shortages in several European countries.Already Europe is working to wean itself off Russian supplies. Ukraine's woes might help to speed up that process.It's a two-way street.Russia needs Europe too. Oil and gas trade accounts for half of Russia's annual export revenue and more than half of Russia's federal budget.Important to note is that many of Russia's important gas pipelines go through Western Ukraine, which is decidedly pro-Europe."I would argue that Russia has more to lose than Europe at the moment," says Tim Boersma of the Brookings Institution. "Russia needs European demands. It is making roughly $100 million a day from hydrocarbons.What about America?Washington is making moves. The U.S. doesn't export natural gas yet. But congressional Republicans especially are calling to loosen U.S. export restrictions, with the idea that if Washington puts more gas on the market, it can (economically) cut Russia down to size.The U.S. Department of Energy is issuing permits to American corporations that will let them start exporting gas in 2015.Fun fact: Who is now leading the U.S. State Department's new Bureau of Energy Resources? It's Carlos Pascual, former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine.So what about that new global order?In recent weeks Eurasia experts and political hacks have been talking big about a new global energy order inspired by events in Ukraine.Chaos in Ukraine, goes this logic, will threaten natural gas supplies and push Europe to look for non-Russian gas sources.It's already happening. U.S. energy behemoth Halliburton Co. will soon start fracking in Poland. Royal Dutch Shell will start hunting for natural gas in Ukraine next year.In fact, Europe is already way less energy-dependent on Russia than it was in 2009, the last time Moscow switched off the Ukrainian pipelines. Germany, for instance, has found alternative energy sources in Norway and Algeria.2009 was a turning point. And 2014 could be Russia's biggest mistake yet.
WARSAW, March 10 (Reuters) - Poland's prime minister said on Monday he would ask Chancellor Angela Merkel to work to reduce German and European dependence on Russian gas to avert "potential aggressive steps by Russia in the future".Merkel will visit Poland on Wednesday to discuss the crisis in Ukraine, where Russia has effectively taken control of the southern Crimean peninsula. Events there have highlighted European reliance on Russian oil and gas.Ukraine is a major gas transit nation for supplies from Russia to the European Union(EU), which relies on Russia for over a quarter of its gas."Germany's dependence on Russian gas may effectively decrease Europe's sovereignty. I have no doubts about that," Prime Minister Donald Tusk told a news conference."Increasingly more expensive energy in Europe due to exorbitant climate and environmental ambitions may also mean greater dependence in Russian energy sources...Hence, I will talk (to Merkel) primarily about how Germany is able to correct some economic actions so that dependence on Russian gas doesn't paralyse Europewhen it needs...a decisive stance."Germany has been one of the strongest proponents of increasing the share of renewable energy sources in Europe. Poland gets nearly all its energy from domestically produced coal and has opposed these efforts in the past."The question of Ukraine is a question of EU's future, EU's safety, and a correction of EU's energy policy," Tusk said.Copyright 2017 Thomson Reuters. Click for Restrictions.
hot water Logan lapse a worry for LaborNo one should be surprised Labor Government got itself into hot water over prisons
Search Our WebsiteCan't find what you need? Take a moment and do a search below!
Aust stocks set to open lowerThe Australian stockmarket looks set to open lower after Wall Street finished mixed as a better-than-expected United States jobs report helped offset anxiety over Ukraine that sent European equities lower.At 645am (AEDT), the March share price index futures contract was down 16 points at 5,456.The monthly US jobs report said the economy added 175,000 jobs in February, an improvement after jobs growth had plummeted the previous two months.But Ukranian tensions continued with a threat from Russian gas company Gazprom to halt deliveries to Ukraine.No major local economic or equities news is expected on Monday.In Australia, the market on Friday ended the week with a slight gain as investors remained unfazed by Russia's incursion into Ukraine and drew comfort from local economic data.The benchmark S&P/ASX200 index was up 16.4 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 5,462.3 points.The broader All Ordinaries index added 17.3 points, or 0.32 per cent, at 5,477 points.
MILAN, March 8 The crisis in Ukraine does not yet pose a threat to gas supplies but it is a wake up call for Europe to rethink its energy strategy, the head of Italian oil and gas group Eni said on Saturday.In an interview with Italian daily La Stampa, Eni Chief Executive Paolo Scaroni said the standoff between Ukraine and Russia would not have an impact on gas supplies thanks partly to mild weather across Europe."But certainly if the tension continues I do have a few worries for next year," he said.On Friday, Russian gas giant Gazprom warned it could stop shipping gas to Ukraine over unpaid bills, increasing pressure on Ukraine's supporters in Europe, which gets half its Russian gas through the country."In any case, precisely in light of this crisis, Europe needs to rethink its energy strategy," he said.Gazprom halted gas supplies to Ukraine over unpaid bills at the beginning of 2009 prompting cuts to supplies of Russian gas to Europe during a cold winter.Scaroni said that Italy's gas supply structure meant it was in a position to overcome any crisis involving a single supplier, albeit at an extra cost."But if another one (supplier) went down the problems would be serious," he said.Italy, which imports around 90 percent of its gas needs, has long-term supply agreements in place with Russia, Algeria, Libya and the Netherlands.In 2012 Russia accounted for around a third of overall imports but data from gas transport grid operator Snam on Friday showed Russian volumes were more than half of daily flows.Violence in Libya has reduced supplies into Italy and last year Eni agreed to take less gas from Algeria as part of a renegotiation of its long-term gas contracts with the country.Eni, Italy's biggest listed company, is one of Europe's biggest gas wholesalers.Scaroni said it was improbable Russia would suspend its gas supplies through Ukraine unless there was the threat of actual war between the two countries, which he believed unlikely."The Ukrainians make $3 billion a year for the transit of Russian gas through their country. For them that's a large amount," he said.Scaroni, who will be meeting with Gazprom's head on Tuesday, said it was crucial for Russia to be reliable as a supplier to its Western clients.
ON BOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House on Friday appeared to play down the possibility of changing U.S. policy on exporting natural gas to address the situation in Ukraine.White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Air Force One that policy changes would not have an immediate effect and noted that natural gas stocks in Europe were above normal levels because of a mild winter."There is no indication currently that there's much risk of a natural gas shortage in the region," he said.Europe and Ukraine are key export markets for natural gas from Russia, which has historically shut down pipelines as a pressure tactic. As Russia took control of the Crimean peninsula this week, its state-owned energy company Gazprom said it will stop discounting natural gas for Ukraine.But widespread shipments of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) are still several years away.The Department of Energy is working its way down a list of more than 20 applications for LNG export licenses. It has approved six licenses since 2011 and the first project is not expected to begin exporting until late next year. The other five still need approvals from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which can be a lengthy process."So proposals to try to respond to the situation in Ukraine that are related to our policy on exporting natural gas would not have an immediate effect," Earnest said.Several lawmakers, including Rep. Cory Gardner, a Republican from natural gas-rich Colorado, introduced bills this week to try to speed up the DOE approvals, but they face an uphill battle in the Senate.NO TERMINALSUkraine has no terminals to receive LNG shipments, so even if U.S. cargoes were ready soon it is uncertain when the fuel could be delivered.Washington instead is working to reduce Ukraine's dependence on any single source of natural gas.Ukraine and Eastern Europe could get more gas from Northern Africa, including Libya and Algeria, and from East Africa or the Mediterranean in the next couple of years.Washington is also hoping Croatia will build an LNG receiving terminal, which could help Hungary, Slovenia and perhaps Ukraine.Once U.S. LNG exports start they likely will first head to Japan, India and other Asian countries that have little access to gas sent via pipeline and are willing to pay more for the fuel than Europe does.As more U.S. projects are approved and investors spend billions of dollars to build them, U.S. LNG could play a bigger role after 2017 in reducing global prices for the commodity, analysts said.Earnest noted that Russia prides itself on being a reliable supplier of natural gas to other countries. That reputation would be jeopardized if it turned off the taps during the Ukraine crisis."Russia currently yields about $50 billion a year in revenue from exporting natural gas, so ending that kind of relationship with Europe would have significant financial consequences for Russia as well," he said.(Additional reporting by Timothy Gardner, Writing by Jeff Mason; Editing by Sandra Maler and Meredith Mazzilli)
ON BOARD AIR FORCE ONE, March 7 The White House on Friday appeared to downplay the possibility of changing U.S. policy on exporting natural gas to address the situation in Ukraine.White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Air Force One that policy changes would not have an immediate effect and noted that stocks in Europe were above normal levels because of a mild winter.Europe and Ukraine are key export markets for Russian natural gas. (Writing by Jeff Mason; Editing by Sandra Maler)

The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:

Yes, they have more bananas.Fruit supply companies Chiquita of the United States and Fyffes of Ireland said Monday they had agreed to merge to create the world's biggest banana supplier.The all-shares agreement means the two companies will become ChiquitaFyffes PLC, be traded on the New York Stock Exchange and be headquartered in Dublin, a more tax-efficient corporate base.The companies said the deal, which requires shareholder and regulatory approval in Ireland and the United States, would generate $40 million in pre-tax savings through more efficient operations.Current Fyffes and Chiquita shareholders each would own half of a combined operation expected to generate $4.6 billion in annual sales.The two companies said the merger would create a banana behemoth that ships more than 160 million crates worldwide, about a quarter more than either of their main rivals, Dole and Del Monte. ChiquitaFyffes also would become the world's No. 3 distributor of pineapples and melons.Shares in both companies surged, particularly Dublin-based Fyffes, because Monday's deal valued Fyffes shares at 1.22 euros ($1.66).Fyffes rose 46 percent to 1.30 euros ($1.80) on the Irish Stock Exchange. Chiquita rose nearly 13 percent to $12.20 in New York.Fyffes, pronounced 'Fifes', is Europe's biggest banana importer and the oldest industry brand, dating to 1929; Irish wits have long cited the company's presence here as proof that Ireland really is a banana republic. The company enjoys exclusive export rights for the Central American country of Belize.David McCann, Fyffes' chairman, will become chief executive officer of the combined company, while the chief executive of Charlotte, North Carolina-based Chiquita, Ed Lonergan, will become its chairman.Lonergan said their "natural strategic partnership" would "provide customers with a more diverse product mix and choice."However, shoppers used to seeing bananas bearing the bold blue stickers of Chiquita or Fyffes aren't expected to notice any difference there. The two brands are staying separate.Follow us on twitter.com/foxnewslatinoLike us at facebook.com/foxnewslatino
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.


Search KELOlandCategory Any category Affordable Care Act Agriculture All Industries All Star Ballot Issues Banking/Finance Boredom Busters Budget Business Business News Campaign Cancer Children's Health College Congress Copper Lounge Collapse Courts Crime Crops Dental Health Development Diabetes DoApp Drought Economy/Stocks Education Education Funding Elementary Employment Events Center Eye on KELOLAND Featured Stories Flooding Forecast Funding Gas & Energy GEAR UP General Golf Gubernatorial Headlines Health Beat Health Care Health News HealthBeat Heart Health Hidden History High School Holiday Shopping Honor Flight Housing Hunger Industry Inside KELOLAND Insurance Investigates Iowa JazzFest Legislation Legislature Livestock Local Local Races Markets Meetings & Events Men's Health Middle School Minnesota NASCAR New Laws News Non-Homepage Olympics On The Move OTC Outdoors Pipeline Politics Positively KELOLAND Pre K President Professional Rain Recalls Records Remembering 9/11 Retail & Restaurants RX Resources School Supplies Shops Snow South Dakota Spencer Anniversary Sponsored Sports Sports Zone Spring Storm Summit League Tournament Super Bowl Taxes Technology Tourism Transportation US House US Senate Weather Web Only Wellness & Nutrition What's Going Around Women's Health World News WX Corner Your Money Matters

This website has been hacked by ShotZz. I have all user information including passwords Hello. This website has been hacked by ShotZz. This website has been hacked through sql-injection. The database was also hacked giving me everyones
hot water Logan lapse a worry for LaborNo one should be surprised Labor Government got itself into hot water over prisons
DUBLIN, Ireland - Yes, they have more bananas.Fruit supply companies Chiquita (NYSE:CQB, Stock Forum) of the United States and Fyffes of Ireland (GREY:FYFFF, Stock Forum) said Monday they had agreed to merge to create the world's biggest banana supplier.The all-shares agreement means the two companies will become ChiquitaFyffes PLC, be traded on the New York Stock Exchange and be headquartered in Dublin, a more tax-efficient corporate base.The companies said the deal, which requires shareholder and regulatory approval in Ireland and the United States, would generate $40 million in pre-tax savings through more efficient operations.Current Fyffes and Chiquita shareholders each would own half of a combined operation expected to generate $4.6 billion in annual sales.The two companies said the merger would create a banana behemoth that ships more than 160 million crates worldwide, about a quarter more than either of their main rivals, Dole and Del Monte. ChiquitaFyffes also would become the world's No. 3 distributor of pineapples and melons.Shares in both companies surged, particularly Dublin-based Fyffes, because Monday's deal valued Fyffes shares at 1.22 euros ($1.66).Fyffes rose 46 per cent to 1.30 euros ($1.80) on the Irish Stock Exchange. Chiquita rose nearly 13 per cent to $12.20 in New York.Fyffes, pronounced 'Fifes', is Europe's biggest banana importer and the oldest industry brand, dating to 1929; Irish wits have long cited the company's presence here as proof that Ireland really is a banana republic. The company enjoys exclusive export rights for the Central American country of Belize.David McCann, Fyffes' chairman, will become chief executive officer of the combined company, while the chief executive of Charlotte, North Carolina-based Chiquita, Ed Lonergan, will become its chairman.Lonergan said their "natural strategic partnership'' would "provide customers with a more diverse product mix and choice.''
PAGE UNAVAILABLEThe document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.You may use the "Back" button in your browser to return to the previous page or click Home to return to the WSJ.com home page.To report this problem, contact Customer Support at support@wsj.com
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.... been been been BdB ... I ... time to eat a banana and I ... understand and manage the horizon and I didn't know anyone that I would go on and have a cool wooden you ... can escape ... are you I you can ... manage that ... school shoot you in the commercial ... if you're not ... old you don't ever call Chiquita Brands pulled off a big deal in that space today that's why were running that that's what the new spring to buy our competitor fights for one billion ... creating the single largest company in that industry ... with so much to the market already in the hands of a couple players ... will a new company fly with regulators Peter Evans joins from London ... with the D tells on this story morning how are you ... I've that yet but up ninety three ... I'm pretty good so I ... what does this new Company lookalike ... oh well it's as it expects that much expanded um um via component of parts ... and ... there's sixty thousand employees up from ... twenty thousand ... times ten outlets both awesome said today that Malkins second resetting a hundred and sixty million boxes Abenomists every year said it is pretty massive that said as an itemized ... and that the momentum to ... break ... this is a lot so the numbers in history make clear this is an expanding market ... while this deal why now ... and yet that the mindful Fernandez is gearing up so if you buy by Maine the kind of ... improvements in shaping technology saves that he's been on this can be ... that still within ... a ... terms post them up in twenty days now was previously was around to that is around forty five so that's kind of this is facing this them on posts as it spent listening not that's about ... emerging markets Amman wet previously been on is ... probably would have been shipped says it is ... it's common driving the market that say it makes sense for the two companies which have caught of ... guard the spread of dope fiends between them and to do this to you right now and ... to ride the wave of that of expanding ... the non of them on ... well ... what the story the market is pretty much already controlled like a couple of companies these are two of them ... lived although lot due to the other ones ... will regulators anything to say about this deal ... that's kind of books I'm was interesting ... observers of them I'm an artist and it's out with them within the management team and they said ... they said ... that Joker fees of the two companies up a deal ... to take the wet Alliance a date in visits to many of them that so ... I see say I think ... I think as a sensory eighteen the son of both labeled been on a surprise that Sweeney school ... full companies and is a miser that swing to them is ... is that is bounce this is I'm attract the attention of units is our innate that it's time ... to be commiting speaks to you the EU and US anti trust I'm also see safe status on the mind of weather ... weather goes out of my street scene but they seem to become the
Chiquita has combined with Dublin-based Fyffes to become the world's top banana company. | Bloomberg via Getty ImagesADVERTISEMENTLONDON -- Chiquita has combined with Dublin-based Fyffes to become the world's top banana company.The stock-for-stock transaction announced Monday creates a global banana and fresh produce company with $4.6 billion in annual revenues.The new company, ChiquitaFyffes, will have an operating presence in more than 70 countries and a workforce of approximately 32,000 people. It will become the largest company in the global banana market with sales of more than 160 million boxes annually.Ed Lonergan, Chiquita's chief executive officer, says the deal creates a strategic partnership that combines two complementary companies that will work to bring best practices in countries where they operate.Chiquita Brands International is based in Charlotte, North Carolina, and has a big presence in the United States while Fyffes has a major presence in Europe.
Shares in Fyffes have jumped by a third after news that U.S. fruit distributor Chiquita Brands International Inc is to buy its Ireland-based rival for $526 million. Newslook

The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
Uh-oh! It could be you, or it could be us, but there's no page here.Search
Bananas from Costa Rica are seen for sale at the Eastern Market in Washington, DC on February 25, 2014US-based Chiquita Brands and Ireland's Fyffes Plc said Monday that they are merging, a deal that would create the world's biggest banana supplier with annual revenue of $4.6 billion.In the stock-for-stock transaction Chiquita shareholders will own approximately 50.7 percent of the new company, named ChiquitaFyffes Plc, and Fyffes shareholders owning the remainder, the companies announced in a joint statement.The combined company will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange and based in Ireland. The Chiquita and Fyffes brands will also continue, the statement read.The agreement "creates a global banana and other fresh produce company with approximately $4.6 billion in annual revenues."Chiquita is one of the top global marketer and distributors of fresh food products, including bananas and packaged salads. Fyffes, though not quite as big, is also a major global player."This is a natural strategic partnership that combines two complementary companies of long history," said Chiquita chief executive Ed Lonergan.As well as bananas, the new company will have a "significant presence" in the sale of packaged salads, melons and pineapples.Chiquita, Dole Food and Fresh Del Monte Produce -- controlled about two-thirds of the global banana market, according to 2007 UN figures.Fyffes and Ecuador's Exportadora Bananera Noboa rounded off the list of top five banana companies, according to the figures.The merged ChiquitaFyffes will have an operating presence in more than 70 countries and a workforce of some 32,000 people."Chiquita and Fyffes anticipate that the transaction will potentially provide annualized recurring before tax overhead and operational synergies of at least $40 million by the end of 2016," said the statement, adding that the transaction is expected to be complete this year.Lonergan will serve as chairman, while Fyffes executive chairman David McCann will become the combined company's chief executive officer.McCann described the deal as "transformative"."We believe we will be able to use our joint expertise, complementary assets and geographic coverage to develop a business that can run smoothly and efficiently to better partner with our customers and suppliers," he said.Patrick Higgins, an analyst at Goodbody said the debt of the merged company would be at a more manageable level.Chiquita posted a loss of $16 million for 2013, a sharp improvement after losing $405 million in 2012.Fyffes however announced preliminary results for 2013 showing a profit of 26.1 million euros ($34.87 million), up 9.8 percent, while sales rose 6.3 percent to 1.08 billion euros.According to figures from the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), as of 80 percent of all bananas come from Latin America, with Ecuador Costa Rica and Colombia as the main exporters.
E-mailFirst NameSurnamePasswordConfirm Password
Sorry, the news article you requested could not be found - the URL may be incorrect, or an existing article has been deleted.
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies. More info
PAGE UNAVAILABLEThe document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.You may use the "Back" button in your browser to return to the previous page or click Home to return to the WSJ.com home page.To report this problem, contact Customer Support at support@wsj.com
PAGE UNAVAILABLEThe document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.You may use the "Back" button in your browser to return to the previous page or click Home to return to the WSJ.com home page.To report this problem, contact Customer Support at support@wsj.com
The page that you are looking for cannot be found.There has been a change in the address of the page you are looking for.This change may have been a temporary re-location or a permanent removal..
Oops! This page would appear to be missing.HTTP 404 Error - The page you are looking for might have been removed,had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.Things you can try:Visit our homepage www.lse.co.uk, and look to locate the page you were after from there.If you typed the page address in to the address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.Click the back button, and either try again, or try a different link.If you still can't find what you're after, try contacting us and we'll do all we can to help.
Want to help? and let us know about the pageerror. Please include a link to the page that brought you here as well as anyother relevant information. Thanks in advance for the heads-up!

Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Stock markets in the Chinese mainland tumbled on Monday as investors absorbed weak economic data and news of the disappearance of a Malaysia Airlines plane.The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index plunged below the 2,000 level, falling by 58.84 points or 2.86 percent to 1,999.07 points on Monday.The Shenzhen Component Index tumbled to its lowest closing level in five years, falling by 210.04 points or 2.87 percent to 7,118.44 points.Combined turnover on the two bourses on Monday was 219.63 billion yuan ($35.76 billion), up slightly from Friday's 215.84 billion yuan.A series of releases of disappointing data over the weekend worried market watchers, adding to the slowing factory activity data and fall in real estate transactions last week.China's consumer price index (CPI) fell to a 13-month low of 2 percent in February, according to data released Sunday by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). Analysts saw the dip in the consumer price index as a sign of weakening consumer demand and continuing difficulties for enterprises.The NBS data also showed an unexpected fall of 18.1 percent in China's exports in February, resulting in a trade deficit of $22.98 billion.The yuan saw a sharp drop against the US dollar on Monday, falling by 111 basis points to 6.1312 yuan to the dollar, its weakest level this year.Financial stocks underperformed on Monday, with the banking sector falling by 2.79 percent and brokerages sliding by 3.29 percent. Shares linked to wearable media devices also retreated on Monday.The disappearance on Saturday of a Beijing-bound flight from Malaysia weighed on the airline, tourism and insurance sectors on Monday.Air China Ltd declined by 4.95 percent to 3.46 yuan while China Eastern Corp slumped by 3.56 percent to 2.44 yuan.ChiNext, China's NASDAQ-style board for high-tech and fast-growing start-ups listed in Shenzhen, saw a big fall of 53.54 points or 3.67 percent to 1,407.07 points on Monday. Nearly 90 percent of the stocks listed on ChiNext declined, with 14 stocks falling by the daily limit of 10 percent.

Illustration: Lu Ting/GTChinese investors marked an important milestone last week when they rejected a bond offer by Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Development Co, one of the nation's leading hotel operators, reflecting their growing understanding of risk in China's young financial markets. Chinese investors often blindly pile into nearly any product offered by the latest hot company, bank, fund manager or Internet firm, falsely believing they are guaranteed big returns on their money.But as several recent cases show, big returns are never guaranteed and sometimes investors can even lose all their money on the riskiest products. More sophisticated Western investors are already well-aware of these risks, and seldom complain when high-yield products sometimes fail to deliver promised returns. Central authorities in China need to accelerate efforts to educate Chinese investors about these risks, both through better disclosures and also by letting financial products occasionally fail to teach buyers that no investment is risk-free.Jin Jiang first announced its plan to raise up to 1.6 billion yuan ($260 million) through a corporate bond issue in June, to help fund its expansion at home and also as it seeks to become China's first major hotel brand to go abroad. In January, the company made a tentative first step outside its home market when it formed a partnership with a local company to enter Indonesia.Jin Jiang received necessary approvals to raise the funds, a relatively large sum for a company of its size and also a relatively risky bet due to its dependence on the volatile hotel market to repay the money. But after conducting a roadshow to test market sentiment, Jin Jiang announced late last week it decided to scrap the offer due to "economic conditions" - a veiled way of saying that investors weren't interested in the bonds.In the past, domestic investors almost certainly would have given a company like Jin Jiang as much money as it wanted regardless of the return rate. That willingness was based on the underlying assumption that such bonds were risk-free, because either a State-run parent or local government entity would assist with repayment if the company ever ran into financial difficulties. But rejection of the Jin Jiang bond shows investors increasingly realizing they must be responsible for their own decisions, and that they can't depend on State bailouts when problems emerge.Another group of wealthy private investors ran into similar problems last year when a product sold through Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), China's largest commercial bank, defaulted on its promise of high returns. In that case, the product was backed by a Shanxi coal mining company that ultimately failed, resulting in the default. But investors complained that they should have been protected from any risk since ICBC marketed the product.An unnamed third party, almost certainly acting under government orders, ultimately stepped in to repay the debt and end the controversy. But even then the investors - who should have lost everything - weren't satisfied, saying they deserved not only to get their money back but also to receive the promised high rate of return. When such defaults happen in the West, buyers often consider themselves lucky to recoup as little as 10 to 20 percent of their original investment.Just last week, Chinese investors got another lesson in risk when solar panel maker Chaori Solar failed to make an interest payment for a domestic bond, becoming the first-ever such default since Chinese authorities first implemented market reforms 25 years ago. The company is just one of many solar firms facing such difficulty, following a two-year downturn for the sector due to construction of massive overcapacity in China. It's still unclear what will happen in that instance, though so far no government entity has come forward to say it will help cover Chaori's 90 million yuan shortfall.Central authorities should resist any urge to come to Chaori's rescue, and also the pressure it is feeling to placate investors in the ICBC case. It should also encourage widespread publicizing of the two cases to show investors they need to take responsibility for all their decisions, including putting money into the many new Internet investment products now springing up such as Yu'ebao.Regulators should also launch a broader campaign to require better disclosure by issuers of these investment products, which often boast high rates of return and hide the risk potential in the fine print. Such a two-pronged approach will benefit not only investors but also the entire Chinese financial sector by building trust and accountability throughout the system.The author is a former company news reporter from Reuters. He writes about China's company news at www.youngchinabiz.com. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn
Stock Market Headlines:Stock futures shifted lower in choppy trade today, as investors struggled to balance weaker-than-expected China trade data with upbeat U.S. jobs numbers from last week. Futures for the S&P 500 index eased 1.9 points to 1,876.20, while those for the Dow Jones Industrial Average were down 18 points to 16,430 and Nasdaq futures slipped .25 points to 3,704. (MarketWatch)Asian stock markets sank today, battered by weak Chinese trade and a reduced estimate for Japan's economic growth. European markets were mostly higher. (Associated Press)London copper hit an eight-month low today and Shanghai contracts dropped by the 5 percent daily limit, fanned by fears over the unwinding of copper finance deals in China after its first domestic bond default last week. (Reuters)U.S. Business Headlines:After getting pushback from some shareholders and posting mixed 2013 results, Coca-Cola gave most of its top executives substantial pay cuts last year. ( Atlanta Journal-ConstitutionComcast will invest hundreds of millions of dollars in California and Florida theme parks, stepping outside its core business of telecommunications in an effort to boost revenue and profits. (Associated Press)The data breach at Target that exposed millions of credit card numbers has focused attention on the patchwork of state consumer notification laws and renewed a push for a single national standard. (Associated Press)The American equity rally that just turned five years old is starting to match the 1990s Internet bubble when it comes to its speed. That's where most of the resemblances end. (Bloomberg Businessweek)Ridership on public transportation last year grew 1.1 percent to 10.7 billion trips, the highest total since 1956, according to new data from the American Public Transportation Association. (USA Today)Technology Headlines:Hackers have taken over some of the web accounts of Mark Karpeles - boss of the troubled MtGox Bitcoin exchange. (BBC News)Google wants to make it easier for lots of wearables to run on the Android operating system. (VentureBeat)Sony and Panasonic have developed a next-generation optical disc for enterprise storage with an initial capacity of 300GB. ( ComputerworldA report published by defense contractor BAE Systems revealed that 14 cases of a Russian-based snake virus have been discovered since the start of the year in Ukraine, more than were recorded throughout the whole of last year. (International Business Times)Japan Display is set for an initial public offering at the bottom of its pricing range, suggesting tepid demand for a company formed from the cast-offs of Sony, Toshiba and Hitachi. (Financial Times)World Business Headlines:Chiquita has combined with Dublin-based Fyffes to become the world's top banana company. (Associated Press)The British consumer goods company Reckitt Benckiser is buying K-Y personal lubricants from U.S. health care giant Johnson & Johnson. ( Associated PressJapan's current account deficit swelled to $15 billion in January, the largest in its recorded history. (Time)Bank of England Governor Mark Carney will face his toughest public testimony to date as he seeks to defend the integrity of an institution that's become embroiled in the currency-manipulation scandal. (Bloomberg News)
PAGE UNAVAILABLEThe document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.You may use the "Back" button in your browser to return to the previous page or click Home to return to the WSJ.com home page.To report this problem, contact Customer Support at support@wsj.com

FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAYEnter Email *First Name *Last Name *Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:

Thank you for subscribing!By signing up to this free newsletter you agree to receive occasional emails from us informing you about our products and services. You can opt out of these emails at any time.
The big market story of the day? It was a brutal session in China.Over the weekend, a bunch of bad economic data came out, including an exceptionally weak export number.That led to a swift market reaction in China.The Shanghai Composite , which is already having a fairly rough year, lost 2.86%.Copper tanked 1.5% . Copper tends to be sensitive to Chinese industrial demand and is having a horrible year.The Chinese Yuan continues to slide, and is now at its highest level since late last year.Meanwhile, the ripples were felt across Asia, with Hong Kong losing 1.7%, Korea down 1%, Japan off 1%, and Australia off 0.9%.


China's CSI300 share index sank to a five-year closing low on Monday, dragged down by financials after tepid economic data reignited fears of a bigger slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.The CSI300 of the largest Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings dived 3.3 per cent, hitting its lowest close since February 2, 2009. The Shanghai Composite Index ended down 2.9 per cent at 1,999.1 points in its worst day since June 24.The Nasdaq-style ChiNext Composite Index of mainly high tech startups listed inShenzhen tumbled 3.7 per cent.China's consumer prices rose 2 per cent in February from a year earlier, their slowest rate in 13 months as pork prices fell by their most in over a year, a sign that slowing growth rather than rising prices poses a risk.Exports in February fell 18.1 per cent from a year earlier, following a 10.6 per cent rise in January, the General Administration of Customs said on Saturday. Imports rose 10.1 per cent, yielding a trade deficit of $US23 billion for the month versus a surplus of $US32 billion in January.Reuters
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
HONG KONG, March 10 China's CSI300 share index extended losses in afternoon trade on Monday, dragged down by financials after tepid economic data reignited fears of a bigger slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.At 0619 GMT, the CSI300 of the largest Shanghai and Shenzhen A-shares listings was down 3 percent at its lowest intra-day level since June 25. The Shanghai Composite Index was down 2.6 percent.China's consumer prices rose 2 percent in February from a year earlier, their slowest rate in 13 months as pork prices fell by their most in over a year, a sign that slowing growth rather than rising prices poses a risk.Exports in February fell 18.1 percent from a year earlier, following a 10.6 percent rise in January, the General Administration of Customs said on Saturday. Imports rose 10.1 percent, yielding a trade deficit of $23 billion for the month versus a surplus of $32 billion in January. (Reporting by Clement Tan; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Never miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot nowYou can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings.
* HSI -1.6 pct, H-shares -1.6 pct, CSI300 -1.9 pct* Cyclicals lead selloff after weak China data stokes slowdown fears* Jiangxi Copper H-share at 8-mth low, Cinda Asset Management up* China Southern Air sinks on sliding yuan, Malaysia air accidentBy Clement TanHONG KONG, March 10 China's CSI300 index slid to its lowest in nearly nine months early Monday, weighing on Hong Kong markets, after data showed exports unexpectedly tumbled in February, reigniting some fears of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.Data over the weekend also showed inflation remained benign, but some investors were more concerned that producer prices fell for the 24th consecutive month, as the lack of pricing power suggested China is still struggling with excess capacity.At midday, the CSI300 of the largest Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings was down 1.9 percent at its lowest since June 25. The Shanghai Composite Index sank 1.7 percent.The Hang Seng Index shed 1.6 percent to 22,294.9 points, its lowest since Feb. 26. The China Enterprises Index of the leading offshore Chinese listings in Hong Kong also sank 1.6 percent to its lowest in a month."Markets are over-reacting a little today, nobody's caring too much about the data skew from the different timing of the Chinese New Year this year from last year," said Alex Wong, director of asset management at Ample Finance."That said, my longer-term prognosis on China remains pessimistic. Unless you see a turnaround in producer prices, which would suggest they are getting excess capacity under control, it's not possible to play the China macro game," Wong added.Cyclical counters Anhui Conch Cement fell 4.7 percent in Hong Kong and 3.8 percent in Shanghai. Jiangxi Copper tumbled 4.5 percent to an eight-month low in Hong Kong and 4.8 percent in Shanghai.China's consumer prices rose 2 percent in February from a year earlier, their slowest rate in 13 months as pork prices fell by their most in over a year, a sign that slowing growth rather than rising prices poses a bigger risk.Exports in February fell 18.1 percent from a year earlier, following a 10.6 percent rise in January, the General Administration of Customs said on Saturday. Imports rose 10.1 percent, yielding a trade deficit of $23 billion for the month versus a surplus of $32 billion in January.Markets failed to take any cheer from an official China Securities Journal commentary on Monday, which highlighted the difficulty of hitting this year's 7.5 percent growth target, while suggesting policies aimed at balancing overall reform with stable growth are likely due in the second quarter.In Hong Kong, China Construction Bank sank 1.9 percent, as did China Cinda Asset Management, which was created to manage bad debts.Nomura banking analyst Lucy Feng on Monday recommended a long Cinda and short CCB trade. She downgraded CCB to neutral on rising concerns of property-related loans.A plunging yuan further weighed on airlines, port operators, shippers and exporters. China's yuan opened trade at 6.1554 per dollar on Monday, down 0.5 percent from Friday's close of 6.1260. If losses hold, this would be the currency's biggest one-day loss since December 2008.China Southern Airlines underperformed the airlines sector in Hong Kong, sinking 3.5 percent. Further hurting the stock was news that two passengers aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines flight had bought tickets using stolen passports through the Chinese carrier on a code-share basis."That incident will inevitably weigh on sentiment on its stock," said Ample Finance's Wong.Tencent Holdings shares ended a volatile morning down 2 percent after buying a 15 percent stake in e-commerce firm JD.com for $214.7 million, as the two seek to challenge Alibaba Group Holding's dominant position in online shopping in China.
"As long as you can meet the listing requirements of the Hong Kong stock exchange, you should definitely go there."That was the clear message from one of the most senior stock market regulators on the mainland when asked about the funding needs of small-sized, capital-hungry private enterprises.During the once-a-year political summit in Beijing last week, Yao Gang, vice-chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, said the mainland's stock market watchdog may simply abolish a policy requiring mainland companies planning a listing in Hong Kong to first seek approval from the CSRC. This will make it easier and faster for mainland companies to raise capital on the Hong Kong stock exchange in the foreseeable future.The trick to getting any company listed is secure so-called cornerstone investorsYao's comment is certainly good news for mainland firms fighting the nationwide economic downturn, tightening loan approvals from local banks and a 15-month suspension of domestic listings in Shanghai and Shenzhen where the mainland's two national bourses are based. But is this really good news for Hong Kong?The Hong Kong stock exchange may welcome the move as more IPOs from the north could strengthen the city's position as a global capital-raising centre - it was the world's No2 destination for IPOs in terms of total amount raised last year. The New York stock exchange was in first place.Investment bankers will also welcome the move for sure. The more IPOs, the more fees they get, and that also means bigger bonuses. However, let's consider the quality of the IPOs rather than the quantity.Last week in Beijing Yao encouraged the nation's small and medium-sized private enterprises to first consider Hong Kong, not Shanghai or Shenzhen, for listing partly because of the widely accepted assumption in the financial industry that small firms have an easier time raising money here than on the mainland.He also indicated that large state-owned enterprises, although they have the freedom to come to Hong Kong for IPOs, should still consider domestic listings as their first choice. Fund managers say Yao's comments are in line with Beijing's long-term stance that quality blue-chip companies should list domestically so mainland investors can first share in their business success, and perhaps enjoy fat dividends as well.Then what about Hong Kong? By welcoming these smaller firms from the north, which may find it hard to raise money at home, are we turning the Hong Kong stock market into a rubbish bin, or are we just Plan B for those who cannot list at home.The trick to getting any company listed in Hong Kong is simple these days; just secure so-called cornerstone investors to subscribe to about half your IPO shares. That's why some bankers joke that Hong Kong's IPO market looks more like a series of private placements these days.An IPO should be a new beginning, not the end, for any responsible, listed company. You come to Hong Kong not to raise money easily here, but because you are committed to the stock market and your public shareholders.George Chen is the Post's financial services editor. Mr. Shangkong appears every Monday in print and online. Follow @george_chen on Twitter or visit facebook.com/mrshangkong
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
Stock markets in the Chinese mainland ended the week with a fall on Friday, amid concerns over China's first corporate bond market default.The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index nudged down by 1.67 points or 0.08 percent to 2,057.91 points on Friday. The index saw a weekly gain of 0.08 percent from the previous Friday, February 28.The Shenzhen Component Index slid by 23.55 points or 0.32 percent to 7,328.48 points on Friday. It saw a weekly decline of 0.51 percent from the previous Friday.Combined turnover on the two bourses on Friday was 215.84 billion yuan ($35.23 billion), down from Thursday's 222.26 billion yuan.On Friday, oil and nonferrous companies were among the biggest gainers while banks, brokerages, and property developers performed poorly.Shares in Shanxi Securities Co fell by 1.88 percent to 6.77 yuan, and the overall brokerage sector fell by 1.12 percent.The property sector declined by 1.24 percent, led by a fall in the country's two leading real estate companies, China Vanke Co and Poly Real Estate Group Co.News of the default by Shanghai Chaori Solar Energy Science & Technology worried investors last week.The loss-making solar cell and panel producer announced Wednesday that it would not be able to pay the interest on a loan. The interest payment of 89.8 million yuan was due on Friday.The company became the first domestic company in the corporate bond market to default. It was seen as an indicator that more similar defaults may follow.Despite the potential boost for stock markets from policy announcements at the ongoing annual two sessions - the National People's Congress and the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference - investors remained cautious last week."Investors may be concerned about economic data, property and credit risks," said a research note sent by Shenyin & Wanguo Securities on Friday.ChiNext, China's NASDAQ-style board for high-tech and fast-growing start-ups listed in Shenzhen, declined by 1.92 points or 0.13 percent to 1,460.61 points on Friday. The index saw a weekly gain of 1.79 percent from the previous Friday.
Simon Henry is the co-CEO of Juwai.com, a real-estate portal that features world-wide property listings for Chinese home buyers.The Shanghai-based Australian talks to the Journal about pounding the pavement, polite immigration officers, and enduring food poisoning on a 15-hour flight.
Insurers from Hong Kong and other overseas markets are lobbying mainland authorities for permission to sell products in Guangdong province after finding it hard to compete with domestic players, according to industry players.Chan Kin-por, legislator for the insurance sector, told the South China Morning Post that he and some officials from the Office of Commissioner of Insurance recently urged mainland authorities in Qianhai and Guangdong to allow Hong Kong-based insurers to use their Hong Kong agents to sell products to residents there. They also pressed for more flexible product approvals."Over more than 20 years of development, foreign insurers still find it hard to compete in the mainland insurance market where combined they have less than 4 per cent of the market," Chan said, adding that part of the reason was that domestic rivals had more sales agents.He said foreign insurers found it hard to bring their best-selling products to mainland customers."Unlike Hong Kong where insurers can freely introduce any new insurance products, in China all insurance companies must first get regulatory approval before any new product launch. The regulator does not approve overseas insurers bringing in innovative insurance products to the mainland and that prevents them competing with new products," Chan said.Manuel Bauer, a board member of German insurer Allianz, one of the first batch of foreign insurers in 1999, said it would be tough to compete with mainland insurers."The domestic mainland insurance companies are so dominant that it is a mission impossible for the foreign insurance [company]," Bauer told the South China Morning Post during a visit to Hong Kong last week.Total gross premiums for foreign insurance companies last year stood at 67.99 billion yuan (HK$86.04 billion), representing only 3.9 per cent of the market, with the rest taken by domestic insurers, according to data from the China Insurance Regulatory Commission.Bauer said Allianz would continue to expand on the mainland where it sells a wide range of policies including life, pension, motor insurance and asset management products. The firm's total gross premiums in China rose 30 per cent last year.Despite the low market share, foreign insurers experienced strong growth in mainland sales and future prospects were bright, he said. All foreign life insurance firms in China posted 25.56 per cent growth in premium income last year while all foreign general insurers saw a 23.63 per cent gain in premiums, government statistics showed."China has a huge population. The country is still in its early stage of development in the insurance market," said Bauer. "Its insurance penetration rate is lower than in other international markets. This provides a lot of room for growth."Swiss Re said premiums in mainland China in 2012 represented only 2.96 per cent of its gross domestic product, against 8.18 per cent in the United States, 11.27 per cent in Britain, 12.44 per cent in Hong Kong and 18.19 per cent in Taiwan.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index starts the week at a record as investors breathed a sigh of relief when the latest US jobs data finally provided evidence of an ongoing recovery in the world's largest economy but clouds are darkening over China.The US government's February payrolls report, released on Friday, showed employers added 175,000 jobs, a more generous amount than had been predicted by economists, while January's jobs gain was revised up. The unemployment rate rose to 6.7 percent, from 6.6 percent, as more people began looking for work.The data cemented expectations that Federal Reserve policy makers will keep reducing the pace of monthly bond purchases, decreased by US$10 billion increments in the most recent two meetings to US$65 billion currently. The Federal Open Market Committee begins its next two-day meeting on March 18.Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.8 percent, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 1 percent to close at a record on Friday, while the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.65 percent. So far in 2014, the S&P 500 has gained 2 percent, while the Nasdaq has advanced 4.1 percent. The Dow has slipped 0.2 percent.Evidence of resilience in the US jobs market reduced the appeal of Treasuries. Bonds fell for the week, pushing the yield on the benchmark 10-year note 14 basis points higher to 2.79 percent.The latest US economic data will arrive in the form of the NFIB small business optimism index and whole sale trade, due Tuesday; weekly jobless claims, retail sales, import and export prices, and business inventories, due Thursday; and consumer sentiment, due Friday.Today, Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser will speak on monetary policy, banks and protectionism in Paris, while Chicago Fed President Charles Evans will talk on the economy and monetary policy in Columbus, Georgia.While investors opted to focus on good news from the US economy last week, concern about the latest developments of the Ukraine crisis and their consequences on financial markets will stay on everyone's radar."Ukraine was a very big deal and created a ton of market volatility and had a huge impact on the stock market," Richard Slinn, a San Francisco-based investment specialist at JPMorgan Private Bank, told Bloomberg News. "We're watching that closely, but you can't manage portfolios on geopolitical issues."In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index shed 1.5 percent last week. The UK's FTSE 100 dropped 1.1 percent, France's CAC 40 fell 1.2 percent, while Germany's DAX slumped 2 percent.Here, economic reports due in the coming days include euro-zone Sentix investor confidence, due today; Germany's trade balance, due Tuesday; euro-industrial production, due Wednesday; and German CPI and euro-zone employment, due Friday.Investors remain concerned about a slowdown in the pace of growth in the world's second-largest economy, China. As a result, copper prices have slumped 9 percent this year, the most among 34 commodities tracked by Bloomberg. On Friday, copper futures for delivery in May dropped 4.2 percent to settle at US$3.0825 a pound."Copper is particularly exposed to Chinese issues due to palpably high local stocks and associated financing deals," BNP Paribas strategists including Stephen Briggs, said in a report, according to Bloomberg News.There was more evidence to support that concern over the weekend. China's exports unexpectedly sank in February, plunging 18.1 percent from a year earlier, according to General Administration of Customs data."February export numbers were a surprise on the downside, and even combined January-February numbers were below market expectations," Li Heng, an economist at Minsheng Securities in Beijing, told Reuters. "The data shows that the economy faces relatively big downward pressures and macro-policies need to be loosened a bit."(BusinessDesk)
Here are some suggestions that matches your entry. Click "Search" for more results.NewsCompanyPeoplesJobsGrid UpdatesResourcesAssociationsAnnouncementsC.S. ResponsibilitiesFeatured ArticlesGlossaryIncotermsReports
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A few months after the launch of the latest generation of game consoles, Sony's Play Station 4 has outsold Microsoft's Xbox One 3-1. One of the main reason is the price- PlayStation 4's list price is $399 at launch, $100 less than the Xbox One. Also, the PS4 is available in 57 countries, while you can buy an Xbox in only 13.Exclusive games are the biggest differentiator between game consoles, so far neither console has a must-have game to persuade users to buy a new system. But that could change next week with the release of Titanfall, a game exclusive to the Xbox.Titanfall, set to release on March 11 for Xbox One, Xbox 360, and PC, is poised to become one of the biggest games of the year, and it will almost certainly help drive sales of the Xbox One. The open beta for the game, which ran from Feb. 15 to Feb. 19, attracted around 2 million players, and Titanfall could end up being the first "must-have" game for either console.Recently Microsoft announced that the upcoming game Titanfall will be bundled with the Xbox One. If you pre-order at the Microsoft Store by 12PM PST on March 8th, you'll receive the console bundle on March 11. Priced at $499.99, it's actually the same price as the Standard Edition Xbox One console. It will also be available at Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart and Amazon.com.Titanfall for Xbox 360 costs $59.99 on GameStop and Amazon, the release date is set on March 25.Now available for pre-order, the bundle includes:Download code for a digital copy of "Titanfall"Standard Xbox One console and Kinect sensorStandard Xbox One wireless controllerStandard Xbox One Chat HeadsetOne month Xbox Live Gold membership
Gamers in South Africa are calling on Respawn and EA to release Titanfall in their country, saying that if they want to play with a bad ping, they should have the option to do so.Update: Build Our Titans ZA has confirmed that even though Titanfall isn't being released in South Africa, South Africans can still play it by getting a non-region-locked key for the game and redeeming it through Origin. Both Kinguin.net and Evopoints.co.za are reportedly offering them."Although this is a work around it is a VERY simple one," the group wrote on the Build Our Titans ZA Facebook page. "We would suggest you take all that pent up frustration over the last couple of days and unleash it on some unsuspecting EU pilots!"It added that it will continue to push EA and Respawn to disclose the real reasons for the release cancellation, but for all practical purposes considers the problem solved. "Our goal was to give ZA pilots the CHOICE to play Titanfall," it continued. "It seems that choice is available (through no actions of our own) and every ZA pilot who wants to play the game now, can do so."Original Story:South African gamers received a nasty surprise last week when Electronic Arts announced at the last minute that Titanfall would not be released in their country. The problem, according to a message on Origin, is simply one of performance: Titanfall relies on Microsoft Azure servers and there are none close enough to South Africa to provide a decent ping and thus a proper experience. Respawn founder Vince Zampella confirmed the cancellation on Twitter, writing that he doesn't want to "sell you something that isn't great."It would seem that quite a number of gamers in South Africa would appreciate the opportunity to buy something that isn't great, however. A petition launched shortly after the announcement by a group calling itself Build Our Titans ZA has already attracted nearly 1500 signatures, not an enormous number in and of itself but pretty impressive considering that it's coming from such a small slice of the gamer pie.The petition notes the lack of Azure servers in South Africa but says the game ran well and "was still amazing even at the latency disadvantage," which left the nation's players dealing with pings of 180 ms or greater when connected to European servers. And while that number approaches the sort of lag you'd associate with a dialup connection, the petition says the final choice should be left up to the players."We have been putting up with bad latencies to EU and US for many years in order to enjoy our favourite titles in a multiplayer environment. Please don't take away what might be one of the best FPS titles of the decade, on the pretense that we would not enjoy the experience with a higher latency," the petition states. "We humbly petition Electronic Arts and Respawn Entertainment to make the game available to South Africans on release date, and give us the CHOICE to play Titanfall."The petition's authors acknowledged that while the response to the game among South Africans was "almost universally positive," its relatively poor performance might be enough to make Electronic Arts shy away, especially after the messes of SimCity and Battlefield 4. There's also reportedly speculation that potential legal complaints based on the country's consumer protection laws may have spurred the last-minute cancellation."I think South Africa is too small a gaming market for EA and Respawn to bother with. Given EA's recent issues with releasing unpolished games (or games with a bad online experiences) they might have decided to avoid South Africa altogether given the fact that our latency to EU servers was 200+," a Build Our Titans ZA rep said. "If you throw in any potential legal troubles that might stem from that experience then their decision might make sense. Compare this to Australia and India that have large thriving gaming communities... it wouldn't make sense to pull out from these territories as you're just throwing away revenue."Australia, like South Africa, has no native Azure servers, forcing players there to rely on servers located in Singapore. Even so, the Titanfall launch in that country is proceeding on schedule.EA said in response to inquiries that it has nothing more to say on the matter than the statement it released last week. "After conducting recent online tests for Titanfall, we found that the performance rates in South Africa were not as high as we need to guarantee a great experience, so we have decided not to release Titanfall there at this time," it said. "We understand this is a disappointment for local fans and will keep them posted on any future plans regarding the release of Titanfall in South Africa."Source: Change.org
Standby for Titanfall.In what is arguably the biggest game release for a next generation console to date, the Xbox One will launch its heavily anticipated exclusive multi-player shooter, Titanfall, this Tuesday.Produced by Respawn Entertainment, the game is already generating massive buzz in the industry, with some early reviewers claiming it will revolutionize the genre of first-person shooters. Microsoft has heavily promoted the game since its reveal last June, hoping it will be prove the blockbuster title necessary to help push sales of its new console.AdvertisementAlthough sales of the Xbox One haven't been disappointing per se, Microsoft is far trailing behind Sony's PlayStation 4 in the console race. According to The New York Times, Sony claims to have sold more than 6 million consoles worldwide. The last sales figure reported by Microsoft was 3.9. In January alone, the PS4 outsold the Xbox nearly two to one.Analysts cite the Xbox One's heavy price tag, ($500 as opposed to the PlayStation's $400) as one of the reasons for Sony's success. There's just been little incentive for most gamers to pay the extra money for an Xbox One... until now that is."It's hard to understate how incredibly important Titanfall is for Xbox," Yusuf Mehdi, Microsoft's chief marketing and strategy officer for devices, said in an interview with the Times.Microsoft is hoping that Titanfall will mirror the success of their other exclusive sci-fi shooter series, Halo. More than 60 million copies of Halo games have been sold since its initial release.Titanfall, developed by some of the same people who created Call of Duty, brings plenty of fresh and new ideas to the table. Set in the ruins of a war torn planet, players will command futuristic soldiers who leap and run along walls parkour-style as they battle one another. The game's main hook is in the ability to switch play-styles by piloting giant mechs known as "Titans."Titanfall is also unique in that there is no single player experience. Every mode including the campaign is played alongside others online.Titanfall will be on sale at midnight at several electronic stores nationwide. Players can also download a digital copy of the game if they choose.
[Image: Respawn]The Xbox One version of Respawn Entertainment's first-person shooter,will showcase its mech-battling action in 792p resolution when it ships this week, lead engineer Richard Baker confirmed during an interview with technical analysis site Digital Foundry.The retail version's resolution and 60 frames-per-second output (mostly) mirrors the visual presentation seen in's pre-release beta from last month. Baker explained thatis "likely to increase resolution after we ship," though day-one players will be locked at 792p."We've been experimenting with making it higher and lower," Baker said during Digital Foundry's interview. "We're going to experiment. The target is either 1080p non-anti-aliased or 900p with FXAA. We're trying to optimize... we don't want to give up anything for higher res. So far we're not 100 per cent happy with any of the options, we're still working on it."
Page Not Found - 404Sorry, but the page you were looking for is not here. This is usually the result of a bad or outdated link.Latest Articles:
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017 I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017 More testimonials

Part of the reason we can't have nice things, say intelligent conversations about a game's visual particulars, is that we're our own worst enemies. Use the words "Xbox One" and "720p" (or "not 1080p") in a sentence, for instance, and you might as well be Pavlov ringing his bell. But let's try anyway, because I know some of you care in the clinically interested sense.Titanfall , Microsoft's brightest star for the Xbox One, launching tomorrow, runs at a slightly odd-sounding 792p, or 1408 by 792 pixels, same as the beta. That's according to visual design descrambler Digital Foundry, which confirmed as much speaking to Titanfall developer Respawn's lead engineer Richard Baker.But that's only where things stand out of the gate: Baker says the studio is still fiddling with the game and trying to ratchet up the visuals for a post-release patch, admitting things could rise as high as 1080p when all's said and done."We're going to experiment. The target is either 1080p non-anti-aliased or 900p with FXAA," Baker told DF. "We're trying to optimise... we don't want to give up anything for higher res. So far we're not 100 per cent happy with any of the options, we're still working on it. For day one it's not going to change. We're still looking at it for post-day one. We're likely to increase resolution after we ship."DF does its best to reverse-engineer Baker's comments and speculates about the bottlenecks, which in this case may be the Xbox One's ESRAM -- not the GPU itself. According to Baker, the challenge now is in trying to get a lot of Titanfall's particle- and physics-related effects working more in parallel.That said, I played the beta on a 720p LCD and it looked gorgeous. I've been less impressed by the whole rock-em-sock-em, generic future skyscrapers and giant mechs aesthetic, because I've seen it done so many times (and better) elsewhere, and nothing about the beta leapt out at me novelty-wise. But I had zero complaints about the performance of the game, or its obvious achievements on the object complexity and distance rendering scale, both leaps and bounds beyond the Xbox 360's purview.MORE: The History of Video Game Consoles - Full
Titanfall Will Run In 792p On The Xbox OneTitanfall at launch will be running in 792p for the Xbox One, the same resolution that the beta ran. Respawn Entertainment's lead engineer Richard Baker confirmed this with Eurogamer and said they were working on ways to improve the visuals after launch."We've been experimenting with making it higher and lower. One of the big tricks is how much ESRAM we're going to use, so we're thinking of not using hardware MSAA and instead using FXAA to make it so we don't have to have this larger render target," Baker said."We're going to experiment. The target is either 1080p non-anti-aliased or 900p with FXAA. We're trying to optimise... we don't want to give up anything for higher res. So far we're not 100 per cent happy with any of the options, we're still working on it. For day one it's not going to change. We're still looking at it for post-day one. We're likely to increase resolution after we ship."Titanfall comes out tomorrow for the Xbox One and PC. Get excited.

Most of you have probably been champing at the bit for this one. It's supposedly Xbox One's big killer app; a multiplayer game starring large stompy mechs and agile pilots with mini jet boosters strapped to their waists. It's Titanfall. It's 6v6. It's big guns, big robots, big 'splosions.But is it any good? Can Respawn deliver on the early promise shown in the Titanfall beta? Does it have the legs to go beyond its selection of multiplayer modes and maps? Does Titanfall have the chops to succeed? For the answers to all of these questions and more......read our definitive Titanfall review to find out.
The 2.30 PS3 firmware update and redesigned PlayStation Store is now live for piano black console owners to download.The redesigned store, which is currently streaming down our internet very slowly, features improved menus and functionality over the dodgy web browser-based original, a new preview option that lets you see videos of games before you buy them and other neat tweaks we've been waiting an age for.Apparently the long talked-up update for Lair, which enables standard non-motion controls for the Factor 5 flight sim, is also up for download on the new store.Just in case you're wondering, your current PSN account will follow you to the new store unharmed. Sony has also confirmed that another content update on April 17 will see the launch of the Metal Gear Solid Online Beta trial. Nice.The latest Warhawk expansion, Operation Broken Mirror is also expected on the store any time now. Let's hope than can get more updates on there from now on.And if you're away from the PS3, see the new store in actionhere.Courtesy of CVG.Apr 15, 2008

With the PlayStation 4 winning in next-gen console sales, Microsoft is hoping the "Titanfall" video game can jumpstart sales of the Xbox One.By no stretch is the Xbox One a flop, but the PS4 has sold six million units worldwide since its Nov. release, nearly twice what Microsoft's console has managed. According to the Wall Street Journal, Microsoft is banking not only on the sales of the Xbox One exclusive title, but that it will encourage gamers to buy the console."'Titanfall' is an incredibly important game and it's coming at an important time," Yusuf Mehdi, head of marketing and strategy for Microsoft's Xbox group, told the WSJ.Microsoft is selling "Titanfall" hard and spreading the news all around to gain interest in the title and also the console. With Sony's reputation for making a superior "living room console," Microsoft is looking to do the same while also gaining an advantage in the games department. Yusuf also told Bloomberg News the new title will be a "game changer.""It's hard to overstate the importance of Titanfall to the Xbox One release this year," said Mehdi. "For us, it's a game changer. It's a system seller."The PS3 was Sony's first living room console, as it was also a Blu-Ray disc player, an online market for TV shows and movies and an Internet browser. Microsoft has followed suit, but the PS4's advancements have seemingly won users over again.Titanfall is so important to Microsoft because it has the potential to be the next great first-person shooter, the genre of the wildly popular "Halo" and "Call of Duty" series. Titanfall releases in North America on March 11, in Europe and Australia on March 13 and in the U.K. and New Zealand on March 14.The game is based on team-play warfare on a planet ravaged by war. On one side is the Interstellar Manufacturing Corporation and on the other is the militia. User play as "pilots" who either run around on foot or operate giant humanoid machines called titans.Microsoft is expecting Titanfall to spur about 500,000 Xbox One sales in March and four million units of the title itself in the same timeframe, Bloomberg News reported.
Titanfall Xbox One Download Times Announced By Respawn By Pete HaasThe studio previously announced that they won't allow preloading for the XB1 version. Gamers hoping for a surprise change to that policy will be disappointed by the timetable released today. You'll have to wait until the game is officially available in your country to start your download (schedule via United States: 3/11/14 - 12:00 AM PDTCanada: 3/11/14 - 12:00 AM PDTMexico: 3/11/14 - 12:00 AM PSTBrazil: 3/11/14 - 4:00 AM BRTAustria: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM CETFrance: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM CETGermany: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM CETIreland: 3/14/14 - 12:00 AM GMTItaly: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM CETSpain: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM CETUnited Kingdom: 3/14/14 - 12:00 AM GMTAustralia: 3/13/14 - 12:00 AM AEDTNew Zealand: 3/14/14 - 12:00 AM NZDT On the plus side, these download times are probably better for your sleep schedule. Instead of being able to jump into the game at midnight, you'll have to leave your XB1 on while you catch up on your shut-eye. Health concerns weren't the reason for the lack of preloading, though."We believe in digital distribution, and are proud to give gamers a variety of ways to purchase and experience their games," Microsoft said Titanfall for Xbox One will not be available from Xbox Store. We'll continue to strike a balance between digital distribution and its benefits, while supporting physical games purchase through our retail partners."It's a shame that there's no preloading of Titanfall on Xbox One because it's aGamers who buy the physical version of Titanfall can get it a bit quicker.The first reviews for Titanfall will be publishedRespawn has confirmed when you can start downloading the Xbox One version of Titanfall . Here's the full list of download times broken down by country.The studio previously announced that they won't allow preloading for the XB1 version. Gamers hoping for a surprise change to that policy will be disappointed by the timetable released today. You'll have to wait until the game is officially available in your country to start your download (schedule via OXM ):On the plus side, these download times are probably better for your sleep schedule. Instead of being able to jump into the game at midnight, you'll have to leave your XB1 on while you catch up on your shut-eye. Health concerns weren't the reason for the lack of preloading, though."We believe in digital distribution, and are proud to give gamers a variety of ways to purchase and experience their games," Microsoft said earlier this month . "However, pre-purchase and pre-download forfor Xbox One will not be available from Xbox Store. We'll continue to strike a balance between digital distribution and its benefits, while supporting physical games purchase through our retail partners."It's a shame that there's no preloading ofon Xbox One because it's a huge game . My download of the PC version yesterday was 50GB in total. The XB1 version probably isn't far off from that size.Gamers who buy the physical version ofcan get it a bit quicker. GameStop and Microsoft Store locations will be open at midnight to sell the game. Some online retailers have sent out boxed copies early as well. The physical version requires an 840MB day one patch but that's obviously a much smaller download.The first reviews forwill be published this afternoon . We'll let you know when they're finally live. Blended From Around The Web Comments FacebookBack to top
The biggest game of this new console generation launches tomorrow, as Titanfall crashes down to earth for a rare spring blockbuster release. The game is available across PC and Xbox One, but is notable for where it is not, namely PS4.For Xbox One in particular, Titanfall represents a potentially huge draw for the system which so far, has lagged behind the PS4 in sales. While I disagree with the notion that Titanfall needs to "save" the Xbox One, as the situation isn't that dire, it is a big moment for Microsoft, not to mention EA and Respawn as well.Tomorrow's launch is interesting for another reason as well. While the Xbox One gave up its digital download-heavy ambitions (for the time being), Titanfall will represent the first major test of what happens when a massive swarm of people try to download a new release of a hot game to their Xbox One.Sure, at launch people may have been downloading Dead Rising, Forza, Ryse, etc, but now with TItanfall, this is one day and one game, and a huge number of players that may be thinking they want to save themselves a trip to battle the lines at Gamestop, and simply download the game through their Xboxes directly. This is a new console with a big hard drive after all, and if players don't think they'll be say, reselling a used copy of Titanfall any time soon, it may be time to get on board with digital distribution on consoles.Now we get to see if one of the major fears about download-heavy consoles is accurate. What will happen when hundreds of thousands or even millions of gamers all try to download the game at once? While the file size is "only" 20 GB for Xbox One, and not the 40 or 48 GB that was reported earlier, that's still not an insignificant sum.We've already gotten a taste of the issues with downloading console games as attempts to "preload" Grand Theft Auto V a day or so early went rather terribly. There's no preload option for Titanfall, which means the game will have be downloaded in its entirety on day one.While Microsoft ultimately bent to the will of the gaming public to keep discs alive, there are many mechanisms in place to try and entice players to go digital. They try to combat another common problem with digital downloads, that they take a long damn time to finish, with the fact that you can play a game before it's done downloading.The problem is, will this system work if so many people are trying to download the same game at once?There are now two gates for Titanfall to jump through in this sense. The first relies on the ability of Microsoft's online store to deliver the game seamlessly to countless players all demanding it at once. The second is on EA's shoulders as they have to ensure once the game is in hand (or on hard drive, as it were), that the servers actually work. The latter hurdle is one that EA has notoriously struggled with, and frankly there are few online-based multiplayer games that launch these days without some manner of connection issues. The fact that many might be choosing to digitally download the game through Microsoft adds another level of "things that can go wrong" on day one.All this said, if Microsoft and EA manage to work in tandem here, and the Titanfall launch is a smooth one, it will be one of the greatest silent gaming successes of the year. While it's true a lot more people will complain if the game doesn't work than praise it if it does, a working launch would go a long way to prove that both a digital download-only console is at least workable in the future, and that EA has managed to overcome their allergy to successful online launches.While whether or not the game is good is certainly the most important factor in determining a triumphant release, whether the game is accessible and working is almost even more important at this point, given how much we already know about the game itself from the beta/demo. While exploring every nook and cranny of the new maps will be fun, the first in-game mission will be actually being able to play. If Microsoft and EA can achieve that objective, it seems like relatively smooth sailing from there.Follow me on Twitter, subscribe to my Forbes feed, and pick up a copy of my sci-fi novel, The Last Exodus, and its sequel, The Exiled Earthborn.
Titanfall launches at the same "792p" resolution as the beta code released last month, according to reports that surfaced over the weekend, and officially confirmed by Respawn lead engineer Richard Baker during a recent interview with Digital Foundry.We asked Baker whether we can expect to see any post-beta resolution shifts, bearing in mind comments attributed to Respawn community manager Abbie Heppe, who indicated that final resolution may be in the region of 900p."We've been experimenting with making it higher and lower. One of the big tricks is how much ESRAM we're going to use, so we're thinking of not using hardware MSAA and instead using FXAA to make it so we don't have to have this larger render target," Baker told us."We're going to experiment. The target is either 1080p non-anti-aliased or 900p with FXAA. We're trying to optimise... we don't want to give up anything for higher res. So far we're not 100 per cent happy with any of the options, we're still working on it. For day one it's not going to change. We're still looking at it for post-day one. We're likely to increase resolution after we ship."What's curious about this response is that ESRAM utilisation appears to be key for Respawn as opposed to raw GPU power, as the jump from 792p to 900p, and again to 1080p are highly significant resolution bumps unlikely to be resolved by switching away from multi-sampling anti-aliasing (MSAA) alone. However, theoretically, dropping MSAA from a 1408x792 framebuffer could free up enough ESRAM to accommodate a 1080p image. In our recent tech analysis of the beta, we were curious about how Respawn could increase resolution so dramatically when the 792p code we played had issues sustaining a locked 60fps."A lot of the performance is on the GPU side. There's still room for optimisation and we're still working on it," Baker commented. "Ideally it would have been a rock-solid 60 all the time when we shipped but obviously when there's big fights going on, lots of particle effects, lots of physics objects... we're still working to condense the systems, make them more parallel so we can hit 60 all the time, ideally."Baker did reveal that we can expect to see some performance increases in the shipping game, based on optimisations carried out after the beta concluded."There was an issue with decals taking a lot more time than they should which we fixed for launch," he said. "The worst-case scenarios are better, I think. The average is probably about the same as the beta."
The page you are looking for cannot be found.Similar results are provided below, or you can try another search
The page you are looking for cannot be found.Similar results are provided below, or you can try another search
An 840mb day one update has been released for the physical Xbox One version of Titanfall.The update comes ahead of tomorrow's North American launch and takes the full install size of the physical version to 16.3GB The digital version weighs in at 16.39GB and is believed to include the update.Patch notes for the update have yet to be released.Titanfall officially launches in North America tomorrow, March 11, and in the UK this Friday, March 14.Source: Titanfall Xbox One
Players who broadcast live gameplay of Titanfall ahead of tomorrow's North American launch risk being banned from streaming service Twitch.In a notice on the streaming service's website, Twitch said that those who broadcast Titanfall before 12:01am EST tonight without "express written permission" from Respawn face a "DMCA [Digital Millennium Copyright Act] suspension".Multiple people are thought to have attempted to stream the game over the weekend after it ended up in some players' hands days before release.The game is also reported to be on general sale in United Arab Emirates along with Metal Gear Solid 5: Ground Zeroes - over one week ahead of that game's release.Titanfall launches on Xbox One and PC in North America tomorrow, March 11 and in the UK this Friday, March 14. An update to the Xbox One Twitch app which lets players broadcast directly via their console is expected to roll out worldwide tomorrow.Source: twitch.tv
A normal match of Titanfall is going to include at least two "Did you see that?!" moments. Like, two separate times where you literally say, "Did you see that?" Out loud. It might be when you dash through a ruined building, jump kicking half a dozen AI-controlled grunts to death. It might be when you pounce from rooftop to rooftop and barely make the leap to the evac ship as enemies try desperately to take you down. Or it might be when you eject from your doomed titan in the heat of a battle and watch from the sky as its nuclear core explodes, taking out every foe within a block. But no matter your skill level, and no matter how badly you're winning or losing, you're still going to feel the urge to scream, "Did you see that!?" because Titanfall--despite a few shortcomings--is a game that demands to be seen.You'll be amazed by how much is going on at any given time on the screen, even on the Xbox 360 version, which looks and plays almost exactly like its next-gen counterpart. The online-only FPS takes mechanics from popular modern shooters and mixes in new ideas to make for something that looks absolutely astounding. You're not battling in the streets of empty cities, you're fighting alongside AI soldiers, piloting massive mechs, and shooting at enemy players that can tumble through windows and run up walls. You kill fast, die fast, and move faster than you do in most other shooters, making for short, brutal matches that you'll want to keep playing again and again. When you get into the groove of things, playing matches of Titanfall feels like munching on potato chips; good luck having just one.If you were to strip away the unique elements you'd be left with a core that feels pretty familiar (which makes sense, considering the developer's history of making Call of Duty games), but that's easier said than done. The parkour? Those giant mechs? The AI minions? They're the bread and butter of the Titanfall experience. Minions might seem to be the least important cog in the machine because they're not as sexy as wall-running or mechs, but they serve the vital role of making every match feel bigger than it otherwise would. Though there are only 12 players in a session, there are at least twice that many AI-controlled allies and enemies running around at any given time. They skip around the battlefield and fight side-by-side with you, though they sometimes blow themselves up in absolutely remarkable displays of stupidity. AI units are downright dim-witted, which often leads to them staring at you like deer in headlights while you wave a shotgun in their faces. Their function is to die rather than kill, to fill the streets with corpses and serve as a morale booster.Titan falls on the Xbox 360 The Xbox 360 version of Titanfall was actually handled by separate developer, and it did a fantastic job of bringing the larger-than-life battles of Titanfall to the last-gen hardware. The gameplay is virtually identical, and it doesn't look a huge deal worse. There's some screen tearing and the lower resolution means it's harder to see enemies far away, but those are really the biggest issues. Basically, it feels like the Xbox One version is on a PC running at High settings, and the Xbox 360 version is on a PC running Medium. That's it. The battles are just as fast, the AI is equally as stupid, you can still run on walls and drop massive mechs on enemies.Minions also deliver short bits of story as you encounter them, be it by chatting about the battle or fighting enemies in well-animated hand-to-hand combat. Honestly, you'll likely get more enjoyment out of those bits of narrative than you will from the story elements of the game's lackluster campaign. Though wholly inoffensive, the multiplayer-online campaign is basically a one and a half hour playlist of multiplayer matches sandwiched between 20-second audio clips where characters gab about a war and talk about their history. They keep chatting as you play, discussing their plans as you compete in fairly standard games of Team Deathmatch and Capture Point (augmented with the occasional in-game cutscene). Win or lose, the story still moves forward, making your battles feel meaningless, and you feel like an NPC in someone else's story. Once the uninteresting tale ends you'll do it again as the other faction, playing the same matches in the same maps except with different characters talking to you, because it's the only way to unlock all of the titans.Playing through the campaign gives you time to learn how to take advantage of the parkour in a slightly less-competitive setting, an addition that raises Titanfall's skill ceiling tremendously. Being able to travel anywhere, on any wall, is incredibly freeing, and you might have trouble playing a first-person shooter without it afterwards. And in the rare instance it doesn't work perfectly, and you either clip through a wall or simply fail to grab a ledge for no discernable reason, you're still going to love the simple act of running and jumping more than you have in almost any FPS. It also means that the game's maps--all 15 of them--are constructed with verticality and multiple levels of explorable playspace, making for impressive level design (even if many of the locations look and feel overly similar).Besides being able to facilitate a dozen pilots jumping between buildings and running on walls, the maps are also capable of comfortably housing a bunch of huge robots engaging in massive battles. Titans are awe-inspiring--even the act of calling one down from the sky is awesome. There's a rumbling, you hear the crackling of a giant metal monster tearing through the atmosphere, and then they smash into the ground in a deafening thud. If you manage to have one land on an enemy titan, it'll destroy it outright; talk about a "Xbox! Record that!" moment.While titans are basically walking tanks, their maneuverability and customizability makes them much more fun. You're able to outfit your titan with different types of weapons and abilities, leading to hundreds of ways to approach going into battle. Want one that can make quick work of large groups of soldiers? Cool, slap a lightning gun on that sucker, give it the Tactical Ability that lets it shoot out Pilot-killing Electric Smoke, and watch as the sparks fly. Want to make a lean, mean titan-killing machine? Give that son of a bitch some big cannons, choose the shield that lets you catch projectiles and throw them back, and blast enemies into scrap. You can even treat them like giant, metal bodyguards by stepping out and letting the AI take over. They're much less proficient without a pilot inside, but the ability to have them guard a location or follow you around adds a multitude of strategic depth.And though titans feel so powerful you'll want to run when one rounds a corner (one cash in your direction and they can literally just step on you) they never feel unbalanced. Every pilot can carry one of five anti-titan weapons, capable of doing massive damage to the armored mechs if you're able to get a good angle. Plus, you're also able to jump on their back, tear off a chunk of armor, and shoot directly into the titan while riding it like a bull in a rodeo, which A) is really useful and fun, and B) is cool as shit, yo.When you mix together all of these unique elements, you're left with gameplay that's relentlessly cool. You'll run along a wall like a boss, hitch a ride on the back of an allied titan, and then shoot at stupid minions as the metal monster runs around the map; or you'll call down a titan of your own and get it to follow you as you sneak through buildings, picking off enemy pilots that are jumping along rooftops. Some of the most memorable moments happen during the Epilogue, where the losing team can escape on a dropship to earn a little experience boost. It might seem minor, but the mad dash for the ship--and the knowledge that you'll piss off the team that just beat you if you make it--is a much more fulfilling conclusion than simply seeing the word "Defeat" pop up on the screen after a loss.Titanfall's character development system follows a progression you're likely familiar with, including 50 levels of advancement in which you can unlock weapons, perks, and Burn Cards--short, one-time-use buffs that expire upon death. Compared to other shooters, the list of unlockables is somewhat paltry. On the one hand, this means that the focus is more on skill rather than weapon grinding, but it also means there's a lack of Pilot customization that might make you feel as though your choices are limited.But it's not all sunshine and robot battles. Whereas the gameplay is an artful evolution of the standard FPS formula, the innovation stops when it gets to the game modes, which are downright stale in comparison. There's Capture the Flag, Capture Point (called Hardpoint Domination), two kinds of Team Deathmatch (Attrition and Pilot Hunter), and Last Titan Standing, which is a round-based mode where everyone starts with a titan and you don't respawn after death. They're all augmented and improved with parkour, minions, and titans, but with exception of Last Titan Standing, these are all game types you've played before (and, honestly, even LTS isn't fundamentally different). Though you're doing cool stuff all the time, you're doing it in the same context as you are in just about every other shooter out there, and it's a bit disappointing.Titanfall's moving parts complement each other well, and take a familiar FPS formula and make it feel fresh--it's just a shame that it relies so heavily on the familiar. You'll eventually hit a point--like you do in nearly every game--where you feel as though you've done everything there is to do, and because you're still just playing Team Deathmatch or Capture the Flag, that time comes quicker than you might think. But while that holds Titanfall back from being a true revolution, you'll still have a damn good time dropping titans from space and kicking enemies in the head, all the while screaming "did you see that?!" at your TV.Titanfall blends familiar concepts with innovative ideas in remarkable ways, leading to a nearly nonstop supply of awesome moments. But for as fun as it is, you'll likely find yourself wishing Respawn was more ambitious when it comes to game modes, since there's a good chance you've captured enough flags for one lifetime.This game was reviewed on Xbox One.
Hillary Clinton has called for an independent investigation into the involvement of Russia into the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election.Donald Trump gives Planned Parenthood an ultimatumThe White House has offered to continue funding for Planned Parenthood if the group stops providing abortions.Chinese Premier silences calls for independenceChinese Premier, Li Keqiang, vehemently opposed calls for regional independence from Beijing.Warren Buffet reveals annual shareholders letterWarren Buffet released his annual shareholders letter on Saturday.Blast hits Lahore Defence area marketAt least seven people were killed and 17 wounded in a bomb blast at a market in Pakistan's eastern city of Lahore, government officials said.Trump's Travel Ban: Version 2The significance of this new attempt and the language of which is expected as soon as Wednesday, is reflected in the participation of White House Counsel Don McGahn.N. Korea says Kim Jong-nam murder suspects 'innocent'But all that could come to an end following a war of words over Malaysia's probe into Kim's death.Pence says Trump supports European UnionU.S. Vice President Mike Pence said that U.S. President Donald Trump fully supported the European Union.
There's a cosmic war happening betweenhighly luminous O-type stars and nearby protostars in the Orion Nebula.The Orion Nebula is home to hundreds of young stars and even younger protostars known as proplyds. Many of these nascent systems will go on to develop planets, while others will have their planet-forming dust and gas blasted away by the fierce ultraviolet radiation emitted by massive O-type stars that lurk nearby.Astronomers using the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) study the often deadly relationship between highly luminous O-type stars and nearby protostars in the Orion Nebula. Their data reveal that protostars within 0.1 light-years (about 600 billion miles) of an O-type star are doomed to have their cocoons of dust and gas stripped away in just a few millions years, much faster than planets are able to form."O-type stars, which are really monsters compared to our Sun, emit tremendous amounts of ultraviolet radiation and this can play havoc during the development of young planetary systems," remarked Rita Mann, an astronomer with the National Research Council of Canada in Victoria, and lead author on a paper in the Astrophysical Journal. "Using ALMA, we looked at dozens of embryonic stars with planet-forming potential and, for the first time, found clear indications where protoplanetary disks simply vanished under the intense glow of a neighboring massive star."Many, if not all, Sun-like stars are born in crowded stellar nurseries similar to the Orion Nebula. Over the course of just a few million years, grains of dust and reservoirs of gas combine into larger, denser bodies. Left relatively undisturbed, these systems will eventually evolve into fully fledged star systems, with planets -- large and small -- and ultimately drift away to become part of the galactic stellar population.Astronomers believe that massive yet short-lived stars in and around large interstellar clouds are essential for this ongoing process of star formation. At the end of their lives, massive stars explode as supernovas, seeding the surrounding area with dust and heavy elements that will get taken up in the next generation of stars. These explosions also provide the kick necessary to initiate a new round of star and planet formation. But while they still shine bright, these larger stars can be downright deadly to planets if an embryonic solar systems strays too close."Massive stars are hot and hundreds of times more luminous than our Sun," said James Di Francesco, also with the National Research Council of Canada. "Their energetic photons can quickly deplete a nearby protoplanetary disk by heating up its gas, breaking it up, and sweeping it away."Earlier observations with the Hubble Space Telescope revealed striking images of proplyds in Orion. Many had taken on tear-drop shapes, with their dust and gas trailing away from a nearby massive star. These optical images, however, couldn't reveal anything about the amount of dust that was present or how the dust and gas concentrations changed in relation to massive stars.The new ALMA observations detected these and other never-before-imaged proplyds, essentially doubling the number of protoplanetary disks discovered in that region. ALMA also could see past their surface appearance, peering deep inside to actually measure how much mass was in the proplyds.Combining these studies with previous observations from the Submillimeter Array (SMA) in Hawai'i, the researchers found that any protostar within the extreme-UV envelope of a massive star would have much of its disk of material destroyed in very short order. Proplyds in these close-in regions retained only a fraction (one half or less) of the mass necessary to create one Jupiter-size planet. Beyond the 0.1 light-year radius, in the far-UV dominated region, the researchers observed a wide range of disk masses containing anywhere for one to 80 times the mass of Jupiter. This is similar to the amount of dust found in low-mass star forming regions."Taken together, our investigations with ALMA suggest that extreme UV regions are not just inhospitable, but they're downright hazardous for planet formation. With enough distance, however, it's possible to find a much more congenial environment," said Mann. "This work is really the tip of the iceberg of what will come out of ALMA; we hope to eventually learn how common solar systems like our own are."
WASHINGTON -- The expansion of the Mongolian empire in the 1200s may have been supported by a warm and unusually wet climate that likely spurred grassland productivity, U.S. researchers studying the rings of ancient trees in mountainous central Mongolia said Monday.Some researchers have postulated that the Mongols expanded because they were fleeing harsh weather at home, but Neil Pederson, a tree-ring scientist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, and his colleagues found the opposite.Pederson and coauthor Amy Hessl, a tree-ring scientist at West Virginia University, reconstructed a 1,112-year rainfall record from 900 to 2011 using tree rings from Siberian pine trees in central Mongolia.The record showed that exactly when the empire rose, the normally cold, arid steppes of central Asia saw their mildest, wettest weather in more than 1,000 years.The unusual period of high moisture between 1211 and 1225 may enhance grassland productivity, providing Genghis Khan's empire with ample energy and the resources to support a culture based on horses and other livestock, the researchers said.The record also showed that the years preceding Genghis Khan's rule were stoked by intense drought from 1180 to 1190."The transition from extreme drought to extreme moisture right then strongly suggests that climate played a role in human events, " said Hessl."It wasn't the only thing, but it must have created the ideal conditions for a charismatic leader to emerge out of the chaos, develop an army and concentrate power. Where it's arid, unusual moisture creates unusual plant productivity, and that translates into horsepower. Genghis was literally able to ride that wave," Hessl said.Previous studies often link detrimental climate conditions such as drought with the decline of complex societies, such as the disappearance of the Maya, the fall of Roman imperial power and the 13th-century collapse of southeast Asia's Angkor civilization.The new study, published in the U.S. journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, however, is one of the few to explore the more complex question how climate might have invigorated one.
Elephants will probably never displace dogs as peoples' best friends, but they apparently can know humans quite well.So say researchers from the University of Sussex in the United Kingdom, who've discovered elephants in Africa are able to identify people who pose a threat by distinguishing between the languages and voices of differing ethnic groups.As described in the March 10 edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers ventured to Amboseli National Park in Kenya, where family groups of elephants were played audio recordings of the Maasai people, who periodically confront elephants over access to water and grazing areas for their cattle, and the Kamba, whose largely agricultural lifestyle causes fewer conflicts with elephants.AdvertisementElephants involved in the study were more likely to demonstrate defensive behaviors -- such as grouping together and investigative smelling -- when they heard male Maasai voices, as opposed to male Kamba voices.As well, the elephants showed less defensiveness when listening to the voices of Maasai women and boys, indicating an ability to assess the sex and age of voices when figuring out the most threatening situations."Recognizing predators and judging the level of threat they pose is a crucial skill for many wild animals," Karen McComb, lead author of the study and a mammal communication expert, said in a news release. "Human predators present a particularly interesting challenge, as different groups of humans can represent dramatically different levels of danger to animals living around them."Previous studies showed elephant family groups exhibiting greater fear to the scent of garments worn by Maasai men than Kamba men and show heightened states of aggression when shown red clothes that the Maasai typically wear.Graeme Shannon, the study's co-author, noted being able to run threat assessments on sounds, from which an elephant family can can determine the ethnicity, gender and age of a potential predator, has the distinct advantage of serving as an early warning system, particularly if a predator can't be seen."The human language is rich in acoustic cues. The ability to distinguish between Maasai and Kamba men delivering the same phrase in their own language suggests that elephants can discriminate between different languages," Shannon said. "This apparently quite sophisticated skill would have to be learned through development or through younger family members following the lead of the herd's matriarch and other older females."

Science | World Elephants can tell difference between human languages and sense dangerInterAksyon.comThe online news portal of TV5WASHINGTON - African elephants can differentiate between human languages and move away from those considered a threat, a skill they have honed to survive in the wild, researchers said Monday.The study suggests elephants, already known to be intelligent creatures, are even more sophisticated than previously believed when it comes to understanding human dangers.African elephants (Loxodonta africana) are the largest land animals on Earth and are considered a vulnerable species due to habitat loss and illegal hunting for their ivory tusks.Researchers played recordings of human voices for elephants at Amboseli National Park in Kenya to see how they would respond, according to a report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.Some of the voices were from local Maasai men, a group that herds cattle and sometimes comes into conflict with elephants over access to water and grazing space. Occasionally, elephants are killed in clashes with Maasai men, and vice-versa.Other recorded voices were from Kamba men, who tend to be farmers or employees of the national park, and who rarely represent a danger to elephants.Still other voices tested on the elephants included female Maasai speakers and young boys.All were saying the same phrase: "Look, look over there, a group of elephants is coming."The recorded voices were played for hundreds of elephants across 47 family groups during daylight hours.When elephants heard the adult male Maasai voices, they tended to gather together, start investigative smelling with their trunks, and move cautiously away.But when elephants heard females, boys, or adult male Kamba speakers, they did not show concern.Discriminating between languages"The ability to distinguish between Maasai and Kamba men delivering the same phrase in their own language suggests that elephants can discriminate between different languages," said co-author Graeme Shannon, a visiting fellow in psychology at the University of Sussex.That is not the same as understanding what the words mean, but still shows that elephants can decipher the more sing-songy Maasai language from the Kamba tongue, perhaps based on inflections, use of vowels, and other cues."It is very sophisticated what the elephants are doing," said Keith Lindsay, a conservation biologist and member of the scientific advisory committee of the Amboseli Elephant Research Project."A lot of animals will take flight at just the general threat posed by people, but a smart animal doesn't do that," he told AFP."Their response to hearing Maasai men talking was to be alert, to move away, but not to run away in total fear," added Lindsay, who was not involved in the study."It is suggesting that elephants are capable of thinking, (of) recognizing that if Maasai men are talking, they are not likely to be hunting because if they were hunting, they would be quiet."Wiser with ageElephant groups with older matriarchs in their midst did best at assessing the threat from different speakers, further bolstering the presumed role of learning in the animals' behavior.The elephants also did not act the same way as they did when recordings of lions were played, as was shown in a previous study.In those scenarios, they bunched together so that juveniles -- those most at risk from a lion attack -- were in the center, and moved toward the sounds as if to scare the lion away.When it comes to recognizing people, elephants may not be alone in this ability. Other research has suggested that wild bottlenose dolphins in Brazil have become so familiar with humans that they engage in cooperative hunting with artisanal fisherman.Great apes, crows and even prairie dogs have also been shown to differentiate between humans on some level.A separate study published last month in the journal PLoS ONE showed elephants even have specific alarm calls for when humans are near, suggesting the relationship between people and elephants has reached a troubling point and that conservation efforts are more important than ever."We have become a formal enemy of the elephants," said Lori Marino, an expert on animal intelligence at Emory University."They can not only make some distinctions between us, but we are now on their list of species to watch out for."
African elephants can differentiate between human languages and move away from those considered a threat, a skill they have honed to survive in the wild, researchers have said. Photo: AFP/ BiosphotoWASHINGTON - African elephants can differentiate between human languages and move away from those considered a threat, a skill they have honed to survive in the wild, researchers said on Monday.The study suggests elephants, already known to be intelligent creatures, are even more sophisticated than previously believed when it comes to understanding human dangers.African elephants (Loxodonta africana) are the largest land animals on Earth and are considered a vulnerable species due to habitat loss and illegal hunting for their ivory tusks.Researchers played recordings of human voices for elephants at Amboseli National Park in Kenya to see how they would respond, according to a report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.Some of the voices were from local Maasai men, a group that herds cattle and sometimes comes into conflict with elephants over access to water and grazing space. Occasionally, elephants are killed in clashes with Maasai men, and vice-versa.Other recorded voices were from Kamba men, who tend to be farmers or employees of the national park, and who rarely represent a danger to elephants.Still other voices tested on the elephants included female Maasai speakers and young boys.All were saying the same phrase: "Look, look over there, a group of elephants is coming."The recorded voices were played for hundreds of elephants across 47 family groups during daylight hours.When elephants heard the adult male Maasai voices, they tended to gather together, start investigative smelling with their trunks, and move cautiously away.But when elephants heard females, boys, or adult male Kamba speakers, they did not show concern."The ability to distinguish between Maasai and Kamba men delivering the same phrase in their own language suggests that elephants can discriminate between different languages," said co-author Graeme Shannon, a visiting fellow in psychology at the University of Sussex.That is not the same as understanding what the words mean, but still shows that elephants can decipher the more sing-songy Maasai language from the Kamba tongue, perhaps based on inflections, use of vowels, and other cues."It is very sophisticated what the elephants are doing," said Keith Lindsay, a conservation biologist and member of the scientific advisory committee of the Amboseli Elephant Research Project."A lot of animals will take flight at just the general threat posed by people, but a smart animal doesn't do that," he told AFP."Their response to hearing Maasai men talking was to be alert, to move away, but not to run away in total fear," added Lindsay, who was not involved in the study."It is suggesting that elephants are capable of thinking, (of) recognising that if Maasai men are talking, they are not likely to be hunting because if they were hunting, they would be quiet."Elephant groups with older matriarchs in their midst did best at assessing the threat from different speakers, further bolstering the presumed role of learning in the animals' behaviour.The elephants also did not act the same way as they did when recordings of lions were played, as was shown in a previous study.In those scenarios, they bunched together so that juveniles - those most at risk from a lion attack - were in the centre, and moved toward the sounds as if to scare the lion away.When it comes to recognising people, elephants may not be alone in this ability. Other research has suggested that wild bottlenose dolphins in Brazil have become so familiar with humans that they engage in cooperative hunting with artisanal fisherman.Great apes, crows and even prairie dogs have also been shown to differentiate between humans on some level.A separate study published last month in the journal PLoS ONE showed elephants even have specific alarm calls for when humans are near, suggesting the relationship between people and elephants has reached a troubling point and that conservation efforts are more important than ever."We have become a formal enemy of the elephants," said Lori Marino, an expert on animal intelligence at Emory University."They can not only make some distinctions between us, but we are now on their list of species to watch out for."AFP

Elephants are able to differentiate between ethnicities and genders, and can tell an adult from a child - all from the sound of a human voice.This is according to a study in which researchers played voice recordings to wild African elephants.The animals showed more fear when they heard the voices of adult Masai men.Livestock-herding Masai people do come into conflict with elephants, and this suggests that animals have adapted to specifically listen for and avoid them.Here, lead researcher Karen McComb, from the University of Sussex, explains the behaviour of a herd of African elephants in response to the sound of a Masai man's voice.
Researchers have discovered that African elephants can distinguish different people groups and gauge whether or not the humans are dangerous just from hearing them talk.Working with around 1,500 elephants roaming Kenya's Amboseli National Park, the researchers found that elephants can tell if a human voice is male or female and if it belongs to a child or an adult, USA TODAY reported."They're using vocal information from another species--us--and they're using that to discern a threat," said study co-author Graeme Shannon, a behavioral ecologist at Britain's University of Sussex, as quoted by USA TODAY. "That takes really advanced cognitive abilities. ... These are subtle differences these elephants are attending to."The elephants used in the study live near two groups of people: the Maasi, who used to spear elephants frequently and now attack the animals on occasion, and the Kamba, peaceful farmers who aren't a threat.To test whether the elephants could tell the different ethnic groups apart, the scientists disguised loudspeakers with palm leaves and put them near a herd. The speakers played a human voice saying, "Look, look over there, a group of elephants is coming," and the elephants reacted in different ways depending on the voice.The recording of a Masaai man put the elephants on alert; they bunched together and smelled the air, waiting for a possible attack. But they had little reaction to a Kamba man or women and children from either people group, who didn't historically pose a threat.The scientists then further tested the animals' ability to distinguish voices by toying with the recording of a Masaai man's voice to sound higher and more like a woman's. The elephants still reacted as if the voice hadn't been altered, which implies that "they are picking up gender signals more accurate than those used by humans," USA TODAY reported.
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?

Mt. Gox files for US bankruptcyMt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, received US bankruptcy protection on Monday to temporarily halt US legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt. Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt. Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's US-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets. Mt. Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr Karpeles. Respectfully, your honour, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.An attorney for Coinlab Inc, which sued Mt. Gox in Seattle for breaching a contract last year, said her client was troubled by what appeared to be fraudulent behavior by Karpeles in the days leading up the US bankruptcy filing."We don't have proof yet but we do have concerns about the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins over the weekend, moved by Mr. Karpeles," said Jane Pearson, an attorney with Foster Pepper.Mt. Gox's attorney, David Parham, denied there was any fraud and said he believed Karpeles and Mt. Gox were complying with the Japanese bankruptcy proceeding.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the US Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its US-based assets.Hale's order protects Mt. Gox's US assets until April, when the parties will return to court and Mt. Gox will seek a permanent stay of US litigation. Hale said his order staying litigation did not apply to non-debtors, presumably Karpeles.Karpeles was named in a proposed class action filed in late February by Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident. The lawsuit proposes to represent all US residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on February 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down and prevented traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Seattle by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox.Mt Gox's tangled web of shell corporations brings turns the spotlight back to an issue US law enforcement authorities have perennially raised with Congress. Several states, including Delaware, where Karpeles had at least two registered corporations, let foreigners register new corporations without ever setting foot in the United States, relying instead on agents to act as conduits for the companies' owners.The agents send along documents like lawsuits and other business communications addressed to the companies but keep no records themselves. They do not keep track of who the company's true beneficial owner may be. When investigators want to find out more about these companies' activities, the only information they can get from the agents is contact information for whatever overseas entity has been designated to receive correspondence about the company.Such is the structure of Mutum Sigillum, a company Karpeles registered in Delaware. He used it to interact with a US bank through Dwolla, an online payment network. Real money passed through Mutum Sigillum (which means "worthless little symbol" in Latin) but it left almost no paper trail in the United States.It was registered in Delaware by Vincent Allard, a French Canadian lawyer who for the past 13 years has been living in Dover, Delaware and, along with his daughter, running a business acting as a registered agent for Delaware corporations.Allard specialises in creating companies for people from Francophone countries, since he speaks French.When reached by phone on March 5, Allard said he had not heard of Mt. Gox's bankruptcy in Japan and would nevertheless have almost nothing to offer investigators if any were to come knocking.He was not in the office Monday and did not immediately respond to a request by email for comment on the Texas filing.Representatives from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies have been lobbying Congress for years to pass a bill that would prohibit states from allowing the incorporation of shell companies without better documentation and more oversight.The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act, introduced in 2011 by Senator Carl Levin, is before the Senate Judiciary Committee awaiting a markup.The bill would require states to record the identities of the beneficial owners of corporations they register and keep a corresponding driver's license or passport number, or a copy of a foreign passport on hand, ready to turn over to law enforcement officials if necessary.The case is Mt. Gox Co Ltd, US Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Texas, No. 14-31229.
Mt Gox files US bankruptcyReuters GOLDMINE: Mark Karpeles, chief executive of Mt Gox, attends a news conference at the Tokyo District Court.Mt Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, has received US bankruptcy protection to temporarily halt US legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt Gox's US-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt Gox's assets. Mt Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr Karpeles. Respectfully, your honour, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.An attorney for Coinlab, which sued Mt Gox in Seattle for breaching a contract last year, said her client was troubled by what appeared to be fraudulent behaviour by Karpeles in the days leading up the US bankruptcy filing."We don't have proof yet but we do have concerns about the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins over the weekend, moved by Mr Karpeles," said Jane Pearson, an attorney with Foster Pepper.Mt Gox's attorney, David Parham, denied there was any fraud and said he believed Karpeles and Mt Gox were complying with the Japanese bankruptcy proceeding.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt Gox to ask the US Bankruptcy Court to recognise its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its US-based assets.Hale's order protects Mt Gox's US assets until April, when the parties will return to court and Mt Gox will seek a permanent stay of US litigation. Hale said his order staying litigation did not apply to non-debtors, presumably Karpeles.Karpeles was named in a proposed class action filed in late February by Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident. The lawsuit proposes to represent all US residents who paid a trading fee to Mt Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on February 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down and prevented traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted.Mt Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Seattle by CoinLab for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of US$75 million from Mt Gox.Mt Gox's tangled web of shell corporations brings turns the spotlight back to an issue US law enforcement authorities have perennially raised with Congress. Several states, including Delaware, where Karpeles had at least two registered corporations, let foreigners register new corporations without ever setting foot in the United States, relying instead on agents to act as conduits for the companies' owners.The agents send along documents like lawsuits and other business communications addressed to the companies but keep no records themselves. They do not keep track of who the company's true beneficial owner may be. When investigators want to find out more about these companies' activities, the only information they can get from the agents is contact information for whatever overseas entity has been designated to receive correspondence about the company.Such is the structure of Mutum Sigillum, a company Karpeles registered in Delaware. He used it to interact with a US bank through Dwolla, an online payment network. Real money passed through Mutum Sigillum (which means "worthless little symbol" in Latin) but it left almost no paper trail in the United States.It was registered in Delaware by Vincent Allard, a French Canadian lawyer who for the past 13 years has been living in Dover, Delaware and, along with his daughter, running a business acting as a registered agent for Delaware corporations.Allard specializes in creating companies for people from Francophone countries, since he speaks French.When reached by phone on March 5, Allard said he had not heard of Mt Gox's bankruptcy in Japan and would nevertheless have almost nothing to offer investigators if any were to come knocking.He was not in the office Monday and did not immediately respond to a request by email for comment on the Texas filing.Representatives from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies have been lobbying Congress for years to pass a bill that would prohibit states from allowing the incorporation of shell companies without better documentation and more oversight.The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act, introduced in 2011 by Sentor Carl Levin, is before the Senate Judiciary Committee awaiting a markup.The bill would require states to record the identities of the beneficial owners of corporations they register and keep a corresponding driver's license or passport number, or a copy of a foreign passport on hand, ready to turn over to law enforcement officials if necessary.- Reuters
SALT LAKE CITY, UT - APRIL 26: A pile of Bitcoins are shown here after Software engineer Mike Caldwell minted them in his shop on April 26, 2013 in Sandy, Utah. Bitcoin is an experimental digital currency used over the Internet that is gaining in popularity worldwide. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images)(Photo by George Frey/Getty Images)
* Objectors allege Mt. Gox's U.S. bankruptcy part of a fraud* Opponents said Karpeles recently moved millions of dollars of bitcoins* Case may revive criticisms of U.S. shell corporationsBy Tom HalsMarch 10 Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, received U.S. bankruptcy protection on Monday to temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt. Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt. Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets. Mt. Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr. Karpeles. Respectfully, your honor, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.An attorney for Coinlab Inc, which sued Mt. Gox in Seattle for breaching a contract last year, said her client was troubled by what appeared to be fraudulent behavior by Karpeles in the days leading up the U.S. bankruptcy filing."We don't have proof yet but we do have concerns about the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins over the weekend, moved by Mr. Karpeles," said Jane Pearson, an attorney with Foster Pepper.Mt. Gox's attorney, David Parham, denied there was any fraud and said he believed Karpeles and Mt. Gox were complying with the Japanese bankruptcy proceeding.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its U.S.-based assets.Hale's order protects Mt. Gox's U.S. assets until April, when the parties will return to court and Mt. Gox will seek a permanent stay of U.S. litigation. Hale said his order staying litigation did not apply to non-debtors, presumably Karpeles.Karpeles was named in a proposed class action filed in late February by Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident. The lawsuit proposes to represent all U.S. residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on Feb. 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down and prevented traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Seattle by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox.Mt Gox's tangled web of shell corporations brings turns the spotlight back to an issue U.S. law enforcement authorities have perennially raised with Congress. Several states, including Delaware, where Karpeles had at least two registered corporations, let foreigners register new corporations without ever setting foot in the United States, relying instead on agents to act as conduits for the companies' owners.The agents send along documents like lawsuits and other business communications addressed to the companies but keep no records themselves. They do not keep track of who the company's true beneficial owner may be. When investigators want to find out more about these companies' activities, the only information they can get from the agents is contact information for whatever overseas entity has been designated to receive correspondence about the company.Such is the structure of Mutum Sigillum, a company Karpeles registered in Delaware. He used it to interact with a U.S. bank through Dwolla, an online payment network. Real money passed through Mutum Sigillum (which means "worthless little symbol" in Latin) but it left almost no paper trail in the United States.It was registered in Delaware by Vincent Allard, a French Canadian lawyer who for the past 13 years has been living in Dover, Delaware and, along with his daughter, running a business acting as a registered agent for Delaware corporations.Allard specializes in creating companies for people from Francophone countries, since he speaks French.When reached by phone on March 5, Allard said he had not heard of Mt. Gox's bankruptcy in Japan and would nevertheless have almost nothing to offer investigators if any were to come knocking.He was not in the office Monday and did not immediately respond to a request by email for comment on the Texas filing.Representatives from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies have been lobbying Congress for years to pass a bill that would prohibit states from allowing the incorporation of shell companies without better documentation and more oversight.The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act, introduced in 2011 by Sen. Carl Levin, is before the Senate Judiciary Committee awaiting a markup.The bill would require states to record the identities of the beneficial owners of corporations they register and keep a corresponding driver's license or passport number, or a copy of a foreign passport on hand, ready to turn over to law enforcement officials if necessary.The case is Mt. Gox Co Ltd, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Texas, No. 14-31229.
The collapse of Japan's Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange is spilling into U.S. bankruptcy court as the company scrambles for legal cover after losing digital currency valued at $473 million.Mt. Gox's bankruptcy filing in Dallas late Sunday supplements a similar petition made in Japan late last month following the exchange's abrupt closure. The U.S. case is being brought under Chapter 15 of the country's bankruptcy code, which provides a haven for foreign companies seeking to reorganize their finances.Mt. Gox's downfall provided fresh ammunition for bitcoin skeptics who have questioned the security and staying power of a digital currency created six years ago as an alternative to government-controlled monetary systems that rely on banks to process most transactions.Once the world's largest exchange specializing in bitcoins, Mt. Gox is now mired in a financial mess. The exchange froze its users' accounts last month and then shut down after acknowledging it couldn't account for 850,000 bitcoins. Mt. Gox CEO Robert Karpeles blamed most of the losses on computer hackers who took advantage of the exchange's flawed software.The missing currency, valued at $473 million at the time of Mt. Gox's Feb. 28 bankruptcy filing in Japan, represents about 7 percent of all bitcoins in worldwide circulation, according to court documents.Although it's based in Tokyo, Mt. Gox is opening a U.S. bankruptcy case in an attempt to delay a recent federal lawsuit filed in the state of Illinois on behalf of all U.S. residents burned by the exchange's demise.The civil complaint brought against Mt. Gox by Illinois resident Gregory Greene alleges the exchange engaged in fraud and other misconduct. The suit is seeking to be certified as a class action that would represent all U.S. residents who had paid fees to Mt. Gox as part of a bitcoin trade or had their accounts frozen.Steven Woodrow, a Denver attorney representing Greene, estimates hundreds of thousands of people could be represented in the case. In a Monday interview, Woodrow said he still intends to seek a federal court order that would freeze Mt. Gox's computers and other assets in the U.S. A hearing on Woodrow's request for the court order is scheduled for Tuesday in Chicago.If the Illinois case proceeds, Mt. Gox attorneys contend that it will drain the company's finances and divert management's attention during a critical time.Mt. Gox's bankruptcy papers list liabilities of about $64 million and assets of $38 million.Mt. Gox also is hoping to use U.S. bankruptcy laws to ward off another lawsuit filed last year in a Seattle federal court by a former U.S. partner, CoinLab Action.Under an agreement signed in November 2012, CoinLab was supposed to use Mt. Gox's technology to run a bitcoin exchange in the U.S. and Canada. The alliance unraveled within a few months, prompting CoinLab to sue Mt. Gox for alleged breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking $75 million in damages, according to court documents.Explore further: Head of troubled bitcoin exchange still in Japan
Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, received U.S. bankruptcy protection on Monday to temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company by traders who allege the operation was a fraud.Judge Harlin Hale in Dallas granted temporary bankruptcy protection to Mt. Gox, which had filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February. Attorneys for Mt. Gox said without bankruptcy protection the company would be irreparably harmed by a proposed class action in Chicago federal court and a breach of contract case in Seattle federal court.Mt. Gox filed for bankruptcy in Japan last month after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets. Mt. Gox's founder, Mark Karpeles, was scheduled to be deposed later this month in the Seattle lawsuit.Mt.Gox a 'fox guarding henhouse'The attorney leading the class action blasted the bankruptcy as a ruse."This case involves a massive fraud," said Steven Woodrow, an attorney leading the class action, told Hale. "They claim incredibly that they will preserve assets and protect assets by entrusting the servers and other property to Mr. Karpeles. Respectfully, your honour, that is the definition of the fox guarding the henhouse."Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.An attorney for Coinlab Inc, which sued Mt. Gox in Seattle for breaching a contract last year, said her client was troubled by what appeared to be fraudulent behavior by Karpeles in the days leading up the U.S. bankruptcy filing."We don't have proof yet but we do have concerns about the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoins over the weekend, moved by Mr. Karpeles," said Jane Pearson, an attorney with Foster Pepper.Mt. Gox's attorney, David Parham, denied there was any fraud and said he believed Karpeles and Mt. Gox were complying with the Japanese bankruptcy proceeding.Bankruptcy protects U.S. assetsThe Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its U.S.-based assets.Hale's order protects Mt. Gox's U.S. assets until April, when the parties will return to court and Mt. Gox will seek a permanent stay of U.S. litigation. Hale said his order staying litigation did not apply to non-debtors, presumably Karpeles.Karpeles was named in a proposed class action filed in late February by Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident. The lawsuit proposes to represent all U.S. residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on Feb. 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down and prevented traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Seattle by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox.Shell company run by French-CanadianMt Gox's tangled web of shell corporations turns the spotlight back to an issue U.S. law enforcement authorities have perennially raised with Congress. Several states, including Delaware, where Karpeles had at least two registered corporations, let foreigners register new corporations without ever setting foot in the United States, relying instead on agents to act as conduits for the companies' owners.The agents send along documents like lawsuits and other business communications addressed to the companies but keep no records themselves. They do not keep track of who the company's true beneficial owner may be. When investigators want to find out more about these companies' activities, the only information they can get from the agents is contact information for whatever overseas entity has been designated to receive correspondence about the company.Such is the structure of Mutum Sigillum, a company Karpeles registered in Delaware. He used it to interact with a U.S. bank through Dwolla, an online payment network. Real money passed through Mutum Sigillum (which means "worthless little symbol" in Latin), but it left almost no paper trail in the United States.It was registered in Delaware by Vincent Allard, a French-Canadian lawyer who for the past 13 years has been living in Dover, Del., and, along with his daughter, running a business acting as a registered agent for Delaware corporations.Allard specializes in creating companies for people from Francophone countries since he speaks French.Little oversight of intermediariesWhen reached by phone on March 5, Allard said he had not heard of Mt. Gox's bankruptcy in Japan and would nevertheless have almost nothing to offer investigators if any were to come knocking.He was not in the office Monday and did not immediately respond to a request by email for comment on the Texas filing.Representatives from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies have been lobbying Congress for years to pass a bill that would prohibit states from allowing the incorporation of shell companies without better documentation and more oversight.The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act, introduced in 2011 by Senator Carl Levin, is before the Senate Judiciary Committee awaiting a markup.The bill would require states to record the identities of the beneficial owners of corporations they register and keep a corresponding driver's licence or passport number, or a copy of a foreign passport on hand, ready to turn over to law enforcement officials if necessary.

Tom Hals, REUTERS Mar 10, 2014Mt. Gox, once the world's largest bitcoin exchange, filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection in Dallas late Sunday, a move that will temporarily halt U.S. legal action against the Japanese company.Mt. Gox, which filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan in February, said without U.S. protection it would spend substantial funds defending itself against a U.S. lawsuit seeking class action status that was filed in federal court in Chicago.A hearing in Dallas was scheduled for 1:30 p.m. local time on Monday to consider Mt. Gox's request to stay pending lawsuits against the company.The plaintiff leading the Chicago lawsuit was scheduled on Tuesday to ask a federal judge to freeze Mt. Gox's U.S.-based servers and other computer equipment and to set up a trust over Mt. Gox's assets.Mt. Gox's Japan filing last month came after it said it may have lost 750,000 of its customers' bitcoins as part of an attack by hackers.Mt. Gox said in papers filed with the Dallas court that the hacking attack was the subject of an intense investigation that indicated so far the bitcoins were lost as a result of a flaw in the software algorithm that underlies bitcoin, the digital currency.The Chapter 15 filing allows Mt. Gox to ask the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to recognize its foreign bankruptcy and to assist in the Japanese proceedings by protecting its U.S.-based assets. U.S. creditors can contest Mt. Gox's request for Chapter 15 protection.Mt. Gox is defending itself against at least two U.S. lawsuits.In late February, Gregory Greene, an Illinois resident, sued the company in Chicago on behalf of all U.S. residents who paid a trading fee to Mt. Gox and those who had bitcoins or other currency with the exchange when it halted bitcoin withdrawals on Feb. 7.Greene is seeking to recoup millions of dollars lost when the mtgox.com website went down, preventing traders from selling as bitcoin prices plummeted last month.Steven Woodrow, an attorney for Greene, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Mt. Gox is also defending a lawsuit in federal court in Washington state filed by CoinLab Inc for breach of contract. CoinLab is seeking damages of $75 million from Mt. Gox. Mark Karpeles, Mt. Gox's chief executive officer, was scheduled to be deposed in that case later this month, according to court documents.Mt. Gox is represented by David Parham of Baker & McKenzie.The case is Mt. Gox Co Ltd, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Northern District of Texas, No. 14-31229.
A pile of Bitcoins are shown in this Getty file image. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images)The Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange that recently collapsed in Japan has filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection to shield itself from a lawsuit seeking to repay thousands of people whose digital currency is now missing.The U.S. filing made in Dallas late Sunday supplements a bankruptcy petition that Mt. Gox submitted in Japan at the end of last month.Mt. Gox was once the world's largest exchange specializing in bitcoins, but now finds itself in a financial mess after losing about 850,000 bitcoins valued at $473 million, according to court documents.Although it's based in Tokyo, Mt. Gox is opening a bankruptcy case in the U.S. in an attempt to delay a recent federal lawsuit filed in Illinois on behalf of all U.S. residents burned by the exchange's abrupt demise.Copyright Associated Press
Hackers have broken into several accounts of Mark Karpeles, the owner of the MtGox Bitcoin exchange. Mt. Gox stopped trading last month and filed for bankruptcy after reporting that $465 million in Bitcoins had been lost purportedly due to a security bug.Some have speculated that Karpeles, or the people behind Mt. Gox, pulled the heist on their own, effectively stealing the Bitcoins. However, in the highly unregulated marketplace of Bitcoins where there are no legal protections, it is unclear how measures can be enforced besides internet vigilantism. The hackers who have entered Karpeles' accounts seem to be motivated by frustration over the actions of Mt. Gox, whom many users entrusted with their Bitcoins only to lose their money.The Mt. Gox Bitcoin exchange filed the application for bankruptcy protection in Japan through lawyers acting on behalf of the exchange, several days after Mt. Gox went offline following reports of a massive theft of Bitcoins. At the same time, the boss of the Mt. Gox exchange, Mark Karpeles, said that he was working hard to find a "solution to our recent issues".AdvertisementAccording to Mt. Gox, technical troubles prevented customers from transferring digital cash to other exchanges on Feb. 7, meaning that Bitcoin holders could not transfer their money out of the Mt. Gox network to protect their coins or cash out. The application for bankruptcy protection was accepted by a district court in Tokyo, where the company claimed to have outstanding debts of 6.5 billion yen, or over $60 million.Mt. Gox's lawyers decided to apply to the court for bankruptcy protection after regulators from the United States filed a subpoena against the company. Bitcoin is backed by major investor confidence, despite concerns by governments and efforts to shut down or control the digital currency. The primary concern is the lack of oversight and the ability for criminals in the illegal underworld to make protected transactions.Bitcoin can be used to bypass financial institutions, which makes it attractive to people who want to trade directly without going through any third parties, something which has led to adoption by speculative investors and criminal enterprises. A leaked FBI report back in 2012 revealed that the federal agency was concerned that Bitcoin could become widely used by criminals. The report said that the digital crypto-currency was an "increasingly useful tool for various illegal activities beyond the cyber realm" and that the US Senate committee commissioned the FBI to investigate Bitcoin.Many people in the community have called upon the exchange to release more information about what happened to the lost Bitcoins, about which currently not much is known. Hackers have taken this a step further by taking matters into their own hands. The recent attacks saw hackers entering both the personal blog and Reddit account of Mr. Karpeles, giving them access and control over both social media accounts.The hackers also broke into proprietary data behind the troubled exchange, taking detailed information about Mt. Gox's trading activities and posting them on the internet. They posted a 716 MB file containing documents from Mt. Gox, including an Excel spreadsheet that contained data on more than one million trades as well as entries from Mt. Gox's business ledger and information about its back-office administration software.The rogue hackers pointed out that although the exchange claimed that $465 million of Bitcoins, or the rough equivalent of approximately 744,000 coins, had disappeared from Mt. Gox, there was no activity suggesting that they had been traded. This was after pouring through the blockchain, or the the central list of buying and selling that keeps track of the activity of the Bitcoin network.Although users retain anonymity when trading Bitcoins, meaning their identity is secure, Bitcoins' unique codes mean that the movement of coins can still be traced. After they made the data dump, they wrote a message saying "It's time that MtGox got the Bitcoin community's wrath instead of [the] Bitcoin community getting Goxed," referring to the glitches and instability behind the Mt. Gox exchange through its tenure, often caused by technical problems before finally closing after the multi-million dollar Bitcoin heist last month.Mt. Gox's shutdown has only contributed to the long story of instability within the Bitcoin market, where shortly after the theft the price settled to between five and six hundred dollars, compared to one thousand per Bitcoin late last year.Countries like China have forbidden merchants within its borders from accepting the digital currency in an effort to avoid the uncertainty involved, a move which has caused drops in the price. Vietnam has also banned its banks from from dealing in the cryptocurrency, saying that the virtual cash is not legal tender and that trading in bitcoins carried "potential risks" for users, similar to the European Union's stance on the industry.Customers concerned about their Bitcoin holdings have even travelled to Japan in an effort to reclaim their funds. Some travelled in protest, holding signs and talking to reporters.The firm behind Mt. Gox said that there was a "high probability" that the Bitcoins had been stolen through a bug in Mt. Gox's systems and that it has launched an investigation in order to find the culprits. Mt. Gox said that to "establish the truth" about what had happened a "huge amount of transaction reports" would need to be investigated and that because of this, Mt. Gox would not give the exact amount of missing deposit funds or the total number of Bitcoins that had disappeared.In addition to the approximately 750,000 Bitcoins belonging to customers that were lost, the company also said that it had lost approximately 100,000 of its own, or nearly $500 million. Mt. Gox said that it had appointed an expert to look into the possibility of criminal proceedings, saying "We will make all efforts to ensure that crimes are punished and damages are recovered." It is unclear about the possibility of paying back creditors, although the exchange did establish a call center to answer customers' questions.The Japanese government is still trying to determine what led to the collapse of Mt. Gox. "We still have not had a clear grasp of the situation," Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said. "[We] don't know if it was a crime or just a bankruptcy." Mt. Gox was not the only exchange that was targeted, since another Bitcoin bank called Flexcoin announced at the same time that it was going out of business, saying that it got hacked and got 896 coins stolen and is working with law enforcement to trace the source of the hack. "As Flexcoin does not have the resources, assets, or otherwise to come back from this loss, we are closing our doors immediately," it said.The intrigue surrounding Bitcoin is far from over. Last week, Newsweek claimed to have unveiled the man named Satoshi Nakamoto behind the virtual currency, although he denied everything, telling reporters "I got nothing to do with it." The 64-year-old Japanese physicist who lives in California was asked if he was involved with Bitcoin, and he said, "I am no longer involved in that and I cannot discuss it." Newsweek said it assigned a reporter to spend two months investigating the claim and tracking him down. Although it is not known whether Nakamoto is a pseudonym, the original creator is suspected to have several million dollars in Bitcoins since the early days of the currency.

Bitcoin exchange MtGox faced massive hacker offensives last month, coming under some 150,000 DDoS attacks per second for several days ahead of its spectacular failure, a report said Sunday.The Tokyo-based exchange, which filed for bankruptcy protection in February and admitted that it has lost half a billion dollars in the digital currency, has come under serious cyber-attacks in particular since around February 7, the Yomiuri Shimbun reported.While MtGox faced hacker attempts to steal Bitcoins, the exchange also confronted massive distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks, crippling its systems, the newspaper said without naming its sources.Under DDoS attacks, hackers hijack multiple computers to send a flood of data to the target, crippling its computer system.The attacks on MtGox lasted for several days and many Bitcoins were stolen, the Yomiuri said.MtGox's lawyers said 750,000 Bitcoins belonging to the firm's customers had gone missing, along with around 100,000 units that the company owned.Unlike traditional currencies backed by central banks, Bitcoin is generated by complex chains of interactions among a huge network of computers around the planet.After trading for cents per Bitcoin for the first two years of its existence, it began a frenzied climb in 2011 that took it to $40 a coin in late 2012 and $1,100 last year, before falling off to the current $610 level.Its relative anonymity and lack of regulation has been attacked by critics who fear it could be used to finance organised crime or terrorism.US Federal Reserve head Janet Yellen has said the Fed had no powers over a currency that only exists virtually with no central authority behind it. Several countries, including Russia and China, have heavily restricted how Bitcoin can be used.Japanese officials have said they were closely monitoring MtGox's bankruptcy proceedings, as they try to get a handle on how and why the exchange imploded.
By Newsroom America Feeds at 10 Mar 2014American Honda Motor Co., Inc., will strategically realign its automobile sales and marketing operations into separate divisions organized by brand, as the Honda Division and Acura Division. The moves, effective April 1, are intended to create greater clarity and more cohesive sales and marketing plans that are right for the products and customers of each brand. In conjunction with the strategy, the following executive changes were announced: Michael Accavitti will become senior vice presi...http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/honda/news-company-news/~3/19Ls2NEieJ0/article.aspx
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
With the runaway success of the Apple iPad Air -- combined with the anticipation of the iPhone 6 -- the computer giant is gearing up for the iPad Air 2 release... which some experts suggest could be as soon as the fall of this year!According to the U.K.'s MacWorld blog, if Apple's pattern of releasing a new product about once a year continues, we can expect the iPad Air 2 to drop sometime this fall. While it may seem that the iPad Air -- and, if we want to go one step further, the iPad Mini -- only just came out, it's the fact that the first version of the iPad Air was such a success that makes Apple eager to release the new version of its popular tablet. Indeed, Apple has even gone on a hiring spree, which is leading people to speculate that Apple is all-too-eager to get the latest technology out in time for the fall."Apple Inc. is hiring hundreds of new engineers and supply-chain managers in China and Taiwan as it attempts to speed up product development and launch a wider range of devices," the site is reporting. "People familiar with the matter said the Cupertino, Calif., company is hiring engineers from rival smartphone maker HTC Corp. and other Taiwanese tech firms to build up teams in Shanghai and Taipei."AdvertisementSo, what can we expect from this go-round of the iPad Air 2? Well, according the International Business Times Australia, the specs for the newest iPad Air shouldn't be that different from the earlier version. Folks are speculating that the bezel-free design, larger screens, high-resolution cameras, and fast processors have become standard for all Apple products, and the iPad Air 2 should be no different. The iPad Air has received mainly positive reviews. Writing for AnandTech, Anand Lal Shimpi writes that the iPad Air "feels like a true successor to the iPad 2," praising it for its reduced weight and size. Shimpi further states that the Air "hits a balance of features, design and ergonomics that I don't think we've ever seen in the iPad."
Video screenshot by Eric Mack/CNETOver the years, I've taken some heat for saying that the iPhone jumped the shark years ago or predicting that the iPhone 6 will be more run of the mill than a runaway hit. So far, I've yet to see anything on the horizon that will prompt me to eat those words someday soon, except maybe if this crazy holographic iPhone 6 concept miraculously came to market.Put together by yet another Italian design outfit -- this time the Set Solution -- the concept imagines a new iPhone with holographic projectors on the side that allow the user to interact with projected screens alongside the physical display. Also demonstrated is how a vertically projected hologram might be used for applications like 3D gaming.This actually isn't the first holographic iPhone concept we've seen. The projected keyboard has long been on smartphone addicts' wish lists, and holographic images were also a dream feature suggested in advance of the iPhone 5 release.It's hard to imagine how this comes to fruition in the iPhone 6 or any other smartphone on the horizon in a manner that's both easy to mass-produce quickly and not cost prohibitive. Then again, it sure doesn't hurt to dream.Check out the video and let us know in the comments which dream features you'd like to see in the next iPhone.


It seems like the inevitable next step for the iPhone line, given the warm reception the iPad Air received at launch. But should the iPhone 6 land taking much of its inspiration from Apple's updated tablet design, it sure would be boring.Designer Sam Beckett has put together the convincing concept video above, with the fantasy handset sporting a 17 per cent larger display than that of the 5S, pumping out a 1920 x 1080p resolution to its 4.7-inch screen. 7mm thick (0.6mm thinner than the iPhone 5S), Beckett taps into the regularly-circulating rumour that the next Apple phone will use sturdy sapphire crystal in its display rather than Corning Gorilla Glass, as well as a 10MP camera and A8 chip.It's all very believable, but all rather prosaic too -- the perfect, incremental non-upgrade, as Apple cynics would have it. And that's no slight against Beckett's work, which is excellent, but more on the fact that such minor changes could easily, feasibly be the real deal. It does make you wonder where exactly the iPhone line can go next, highlighting the fact that services, rather than hardware, will make or break the top-tier mobile devices of the future. [Sam Beckett (The Verge) via The Next Web]
The page you are looking for cannot be found.Similar results are provided below, or you can try another search
The Jacksonville Jaguars don't exactly generate much excitement on EverBank Field. However, they'll soon have something attention-worthy above that field: a pair of the world's largest LED-lit, HD-capable displays. Daktronics is installing end zone screens at the stadium that each measure 362 ft. wide by 60 ft. high, handily eclipsing the 200 ft. by 80 ft. panel at Charlotte Motor Speedway. All that visual real estate will serve up to three HD replay videos at once, even as it shows the (likely dismal) score. The setup is overkill for a football team whose chances of a Super Bowl are currently very slim. Look at it this way, though -- at least the move gives the Jaguars something to lord over their more successful rivals.
The page you are looking for cannot be foundYou wanted to reach: http://www.ubergizmo.com/2014/03/jacksonville-jaguars-and-daktronics-get-largest-hd-led-video-displays-in-the-world-at-stadium/%5CWhat's going on?:The web address has a typo?We have a better page to replace itWe removed the page for maintenanceUse the searchbox below to find an article. We cover a lot of cool topics!We would also like to suggest these recent popular articles. Thanks for visiting our site!

Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017 I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017 More testimonials

Google looking to make it easier for companies to build wearable devices on Android platformGoogle is getting ready to release a software development kit that will help developers build apps for wearable computers on the Android platform.Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president of product management, told an audience at the SXSW conference on Sunday that Google will release a software development kit (SDK) for wearable tech in the next few weeks.The SDK should make it easier for third parties to build wearable devices, including computerized eyeglasses, smartwatches or even smart bracelets, to run on the Android platform.Pichai noted that Google sees a strong connection between the ecosystems for smartphones and wearable devices."We want to develop a set of common protocols by which they can work together," Pichai said, according to a report in The Verge. "They need a mesh layer and they need a data layer by which they can all come together... When we say wearables, we are thinking much more broadly."Google has its own hand in the wearable computer category with its upcoming Google Glass project.Last year, Google began selling prototypes of its computerized eye glasses to about 8,000 early adopters and developers. Glass, which is expected to be released sometime this year, enables users to take photos and video and share them on Facebook and Twitter. Users also can use the eyewear to read and send emails, scan the news and see maps.There's also speculation that Google will release its own smartwatch at its annual Google I/O developer conference being held in San Francisco in June.This article, Google to release wearables SDK in few weeks, was originally published at Computerworld.com.Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0, emerging technologies, and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld. Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin, on Google+ or subscribe to Sharon's RSS feed. Her email address is sgaudin@computerworld.com.See more by Sharon Gaudin on Computerworld.com.Read more about android in Computerworld's Android Topic Center.
Google will face fraud and breach of contract claims from users. (Photo : Reuters)Google is diving into the Internet of things with plans for developer kits for wearables, CNET reported.Sundar Pichai, who heads Google's Android and Chrome, announced on Sunday that the Android software developer kits would be available in two weeks, according to CNET.The tech giant is looking to develop wearable devices "at a platform level," said Pichai, as reported by The Verge.Google could present its Android system as a wearables platform, which would further the brand without involving Google in actual product development."We'll lay out a vision for developers as to how we'll see this market working," Pichai said, according to The Verge.Google hopes to become the standard for wearables, which are "becoming nexuses of an array of sensors," according to The Verge. The company is looking to develop standardization across wearable devices so developers will decide to use Android instead of a custom OS."We want to develop a set of common protocols by which they can work together," Pichai said, "they need a mesh layer and they need a data layer by which they can all come together."The Google official also hinted at the implementation of Nest, the Internet of things startup that Google purchased earlier this year for $3.2 billion.While the maker of smart thermostats and smoke detectors should stay as its own distinct brand, it brought a strong line of products and a killer design team to Google, Reuters reported at the time.Google is looking to develop a platform that will let multiple wearables work in sync, Pichai said."We are thinking hard about the layer which will connect all these devices together," Pichai said, according to CNET. "That's something we will work hard" for.
Just because Google plans to make its own smartwatch doesn't mean developers have to avoid Android when making their own. In fact, it'll be a relative breeze to use the platform in just a few short weeks.Google is planning to release a software development kit (SDK) later this month that will make it easier for manufacturers to power their future smartwatches with Android.During a South by Southwest conference speech March 9, Google Senior Vice President Sundar Pichai announced the search giant's intentions to dominate the wearables market much in the same way it has smartphones.To accomplish this task, Google plans to borrow from its own Android playbook by making a free SDK available to manufacturers and developers, part of the company's "vision" for a wearables market where its mobile OS is on everyone's wrist.Feedback welcomeGoogle is reportedly working on its own smartwatch to be manufactured by LG that could debut in June, but Pichai calls the early release of an Android wearable SDK an opportunity to get "plenty of feedback" in advance of the annual Google I/O conference.But smartwatches may be only the beginning as Pichai teased the possibility of other wearables such as a "smart jacket," which could incorporate sensors for a variety of unspecified uses.Pichai also told SXSW attendees that Google's Chromecast will soon branch out to countries other than the US after racking up sales "in the millions" there.The Android, Chrome and apps executive also answered a query about Google's recent Nest acquisition, saying it could deliver a future "mesh layer" of software designed to help devices interact with each other.Check out our review of the first wearable from Mountain View, Google Glass!Via The Wall Street Journal


Google plans to release a software development kit in the next two weeks that will allow third-party developers to create Android software for use on wearable computing devices.The announcement was made Sunday by Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president of Android, Apps and Chrome, during a panel discussion with John Battelle at the South by Southwest conference in Austin, Texas."In two weeks we are launching the first developer SDK for Android," Pichai said. "That will lay out the vision for developers in how we see this market working."Likening the evolution of wearable devices to the smartphone revolution, Pichai said the goal is to take Android beyond smartphones and tablets to a multi-screen world.Google is expected to unveil plans for its smartwatch-centric operating system later this month, a person familiar with the company's plans told CNET in February. Google is said to be working with South Korean electronics maker LG to produce a smartwatch that will make its debut at its Google I/O conference in June.The new operating system is said to be based on the Google Now voice assistant and search feature, which also drives the core functions of Google Glass. While sales of smartwatches haven't exactly been impressive, the market is estimated to be worth $19 billion by 2018, according to Juniper Research.This article originally appeared on CNET.
HTTP Status 500 -type Exception reportmessagedescription The server encountered an internal error () that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exceptionorg.apache.jasper.JasperException: java.lang.NullPointerException org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.service(JspServletWrapper.java:372) org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFile(JspServlet.java:292) org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.service(JspServlet.java:236) javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:722) org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.doForward(PageContextImpl.java:670) org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.forward(PageContextImpl.java:637) org.apache.jsp.news_jsp._jspService(news_jsp.java:149) org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.service(HttpJspBase.java:94) javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:722) org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.service(JspServletWrapper.java:324) org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFile(JspServlet.java:292) org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.service(JspServlet.java:236) javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:722) org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.NormalRewrittenUrl.doRewrite(NormalRewrittenUrl.java:213) org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RuleChain.handleRewrite(RuleChain.java:171) org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RuleChain.doRules(RuleChain.java:145) org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriter.processRequest(UrlRewriter.java:92) org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:381) com.burn.mobile.filters.PrettyURL.doFilter(PrettyURL.java:42)root causejava.lang.NullPointerExceptionnote The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/7.0.6 logs.Apache Tomcat/7.0.6
The LG G3 and Nexus 6 are the latest devices storming the rumor mills. Rumor has it that the LG Nexus 6 will be very similar in specs to the LG G3 upon the release date.While both devices are expected to see a release date in 2014, a Google rep confirmed that at least the Nexus 6 would not be available in the first half of 2014. The LG G3, on the other hand, is still rumored to unveil before the MWC 2014 conference this summer.Like Us on Facebook Subscribe to eNewsletter"I can assure you it will not be released in the first half of the year," said Sundar Pichai, Google's senior vice president of Android, Chrome and Apps, referring to the Nexus 5 successor.The Nexus 6 is expected to be a simpler version of the LG G3. A report from Examiner suggests that specs for the LG G3 will include a Quad HD 1440p display and an octa core-processor. The screen is expected to reach 5.5-inches with a 64-bit processor.Google will have its I/O conference on June 25-26. Tech fans may be able to get a Nexus 6 announcement during this summer event.
Daniel Terdiman/CNETAUSTIN, Texas -- Google plans on releasing an Android software developer kit for wearables within two weeks.That was the biggest announcement from Sundar Pichai, Google's head of Android and Chrome during an on-stage interview with John Battelle today at South by Southwest.But during the hour-long talk, Pichai also discussed a wide range of issues related to how Google imagines its two operating systems being rolled out around the world, and how people will use and implement them.Pichai's announcement of the new Android wearables SDK came as he discussed the potentially huge market for the mobile OS on devices beyond smart phones and tablets. He said a big question at Google is how the company will successfully pull off that kind of expansion. He talked about the company's hopes to be included in a number of cars in coming years, and about how powerful sensors are becoming ubiquitous, first in fitness devices, but soon in a wide variety of other technology. Google, Pichai said, wants to create APIs for those sensors, and as such, the SDK for wearables is a big first step.But Google knows that mobile phones still present a huge growth opportunity, and Pichai lauded the full range of phones -- from sub-$100 devices to high-end smart phones -- that can lead to the next billion users. Pichai touted Google's willingness to let people use Android for free, though he noted that the company requires licensing if companies want to build Android devices with Google services on top of the OS.When it comes to auto manufacturers implementing Android, Pichai noted that in today's world, many choose to stick to Apple's iOS. But he likened that approach to walking into a hotel and finding that an in-room stereo system only works with iOS devices. "They're probably losing at least half of their users," he said.Battelle asked if Google has plans to put Android on technology like devices from Nest, which it recently purchased for $3.2 billion. Pichai wouldn't bite but did say that Google hopes to develop a set of common protocols that allow different devices to work together. Without being specific, he hinted that Nest could be part of that. "We are thinking hard about the layer which will connect all these devices together," Pichai said. "That's something we will work hard" for.ChromecastWhile Google doesn't say how many of its Chromecast systems it's sold, Pichai did say that the number is in the millions, all in the United States. And Google recently released an SDK for the Internet streaming device which 3,000 developers have already registered for.As well, Google is expecting to begin making Chromecast available internationally within weeks.Project AraPichai also touched briefly on Google's internal Project Ara, a skunkworks of sorts for advanced projects and research.He said that the effort is aimed at concepts that are slightly futuristic, but which can be quickly commercialized. For example, he said, the Project Ara team is working on ways to create modular smart phones, devices that can be broken down into component parts so that rather than replacing a phone, they can have new parts added. "Think about it as APIs for hardware," Pichai said. "So people can build together in a modular way."
Google Glass helped launch the burgeoning wearable tech market, but now the search giant is branching out beyond its futuristic specs.Google senior vice president Sundar Pichai told SXSW attendees this weekend that, before the end of the month, Google will launch an Android software development kit (SDK) for devices like smartwatches.In October, there were reports that the search giant was working on its own branded smartwatch. But according to the Wall Street Journal, Google wants to provide developers with a "vision" for their own wearables via Android, much like it does with smartphones and tablets.According to the Journal, Google intends to release its SDK well before products actually hit the shelf, hoping to earn "plenty of feedback" from developers, Pichai said. Google is hosting its annual I/O developer conference from June 25-26, so it is possible we'll see some hardware then.This is just the beginning of Google's wearable plans, though. Pichai tipped a future that could include an Android-powered "smart jacket" with built-in sensors.The executive also commented on Chromecast sales, which are "in the millions." The dongle launched initially in the U.S., but will be rolling out to additional countries soon.For more, check out all the news from SXSW and the slideshow above.
While running the risk of turning into the boy who cried wolf, it now appears that an official UK launch date for the Google Chromecast streaming stick is just weeks away. Chromecast is available on our shores through import, but isn't officially supported in the UK by Google. That could all change soon, with a wider international release being teased.Speaking at the SXSW tech show, Sundar Pichai, Google's SVP of Android, Apps and Chrome, revealed that the company is hoping to bring the affordable streamer to "many more countries" in the next few weeks. With the Chromecast SDK now in the hands of developers, it shouldn't be too long then until we'll be able to nab one of these on the highstreet (or, you know direct from Google Play rather than an Amazon or eBay import seller) and have some UK-specific apps and content to enjoy with it. [The Next Web]
The page you are looking for cannot be found.Similar results are provided below, or you can try another search
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.



At South by Southwest (SXSW), SVP of Android, Chrome & Apps Sundar Pichai revealed that the company is going to release a software development kit (SDK) for wearable devices in the next two weeks to create a standard method for sensors to "talk" to the Android operating system. Google is focusing on wearables at a platform level. This means that Google's goal is to make its technology accessible to a wide variety of wearable devices."We want to develop a set of common protocols by which they can work together," said Pichai at SXSW, reported The Verge. The SDK will be used by developers to build apps for wearable devices such as games and fitness trackers. Wearable devices may include smart-watches, smart-glasses, fitness bands and smart-jackets.Pichai did not hint at whether Google was building a new wearable device, but there are rumors of a collaboration with on a new smart-watch. The LG smart-watch is believed to have always-on access to Google Now so that you can speak commands any time and receive feedback right away. The new smartwatch is expected to be announced at the Google I/O developer event in June.Google's most well-known wearable device is Google Glass. Google Glass has an optical head-mounted display that shows information based on natural language commands. Google Glass also has a 5-megapixel camera and can record video at 720p.Google competes with under a number of a categories and the wearables market will likely not be an exception. This past December, Apple operations head Jeff Williams met with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) executives Dr. Margaret Hamburg and Dr. Jeffrey Shuren to discuss "mobile medical applications." Apple is rumored to be working on sensor technology that could predict heart attacks, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. The Apple team working on the technology is led by Tomlinson Holman, who is known for inventing the Lucasfilm THX sound system and the first 10.2 sound system. Holman is studying ways to predict heart attacks by studying the sounds that blood makes as it flows through arteries. Recently, Apple has been hiring health and medical experts as it prepares to release new products. Apple may release smart-watches or fitness bands that have sophisticated health statistics like heart rate, calories and step counts within the next year or two.During the interview at SXSW with John Battelle, Pichai was asked if Google is planning to put Android on devices made by Nest, which is a home automation company that Google acquired for $3.2 billion. Nest is known for designing and manufacturing thermostats and smoke detectors that are sensor-driven and self-learning. Pichai did not answer the question, but hinted that Nest could be a part of a "mesh layer" that Google is building, which would enable devices to work together.Google Android is the most popular smartphone platform in the world with a 61.9% market share, according to Gartner. A version of Google Android is used on Google Glass and Google TV. The Google Chromecast also uses code from the Android operating system. Pichai said that over one million Chromecasts have been sold so far and it will be released internationally soon. Google Chromecast is used for mirroring mobile devices to TVs and streaming movies and TV shows. By providing an SDK for wearables, Android's market share will continue to skyrocket.
Google has sold millions of its popular Chromecast video streaming dongle in the U.S. and hopes to expand to other international markets soon.Google's Chromecast streaming device received favorable reviews from its users and critics and its impressive sales results, announced recently, reflect its success. Sundar Pichai, Google's SVP of Android and Chrome, said at the SXSW (South by Southwest) conference in Austin, Texas, Sunday, that the Chromecast sales are ranging in millions in the U.S. where the device is currently available, reports GigaOm.The exclusivity to U.S. is going to end soon as Pichai revealed that the Chromecast multimedia streaming dongle will soon be available in various other international markets. Pichai did not specify which markets the dongle will be available in, but it is likely that the United Kingdom will be a strong contender in this category. Possible expansion to some markets in Asia and Europe will only add to the growing success of Chromecast.The company's announcement on the Chromecast sales is vague without any exact numbers, but it is the first public comment on Chromecast sales. The dongle consistently took the best-selling consumer electronic title on Amazon.com for months, challenging Amazon's popular Kindle. Some users even ordered the device from across the borders and despite the lack of some streaming services like Netflix in certain areas, Chromecast was well-accepted.Google launched the HDMI Chromecast dongle at an event in San Francisco, last July. The video streaming dongle grabbed a lot of attention for its impressive features at a low price of $35. Users can stream videos directly from Netflix, Hulu, Google Play, among other popular services. It also supports mirroring of Chrome Browser and streams music as well. Access to different websites and services from a tablet and casting it on a TV was highlighted after Google imposed new guidelines to ban porn from its dongle, last month.Google has time and again released updates to improve overall Chromecast experience. Most recently, Google unlocked its Chromecast SDK (software development kit), letting all app developers to push their apps or website content to the video streaming dongle. Last December, the web giant added support to stream content on Chromecast through Google Play music and movies directly from the web, eliminating the total dependency on a smartphone.Since Google did not reveal the sales figures, comparison with competing rivals is difficult. According to GigaOm, Roku's earlier announcement revealed it had sold almost 8 million units in the U.S. till date. Apple also revealed that Apple TV generated as much as $1 billion in 2013 including media sales.
Wearable devices may have failed to garner much consumer interest, but this has not stopped giants like Google. The search giant seems to be ready to grab hold of what it expects to be the next big thing in consumer technology.Google's Senior Vice President Sundar Pichai at the SXSW conference in Austin, Texas has revealed that the company will release a software development kit (SDK) in the coming two weeks that will allow developers to build Android software for wearable devices.CNET quoted Pichai as saying, "In two weeks we are launching the first developer SDK for Android. That will lay out the vision for developers in how we see this market working."Pichai also noted that the company aims to take the Android platform beyond smartphones and tablets.In January, some leaked code was spotted that pointed to the development of an Android Fitness API to harness wearable devices. It was said that Google has been reportedly working on an API to allow developers to harness the potential of smartphone hardware.The Android Fitness API was being speculated to enable the storage of data via multiple sources to the user's Google account. The apps could further show charts and other information from the data derived. It is, of course, not yet known whether the new API would arrive with the next Android release, or as a Google Play Service.There have been earlier reports about Google working on a smartwatch of its own, a wearable device that could be revealed within the first half of this year.Google's rumoured smartwatch is said to be manufactured by LG, which has been its OEM partner for Nexus smartphones (Nexus 4 and Nexus 5) for two consecutive years.Contradicting the wearable device trend an earlier report suggested that despite the hoopla, wearable gadgets like wristwatches for checking text messages or eyeglasses that can capture video are unlikely to make a splash with consumers anytime soon, given the clumsy designs, high prices and technological constraints of many of the current offerings.
Google Inc (GOOG) To Launch Software Development Kit For Wearable Devices

You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.... the the ... general Motors half the layer to lead the investigation of the Lehman collapse to probe why the sea and Neal E and I seem to recall one point six million vehicles ... but faulty ignition switches ... this is your Monday afternoon news have I'm Sara Mary ... write to Jeff I'm WS J honest reporter with more and a starry eyed Jack thanks for being here ... thanks Sarah ... still why is she and bring to an email that this um boring ... what GM is trying to present both to regulators and more portly consumers ... that it's going to get to the bottom of the issue of why again it took nearly ... a decade with introduced side recall ... of what is now grown into one point six million vehicles ... connected to a faulty ignition switch ... that it bought or if there are too many keys hanging on the mission he ... can actually have the car turn off ... disabling air banks ... and so what they wanted to do and what they're trying to do is present with a cop the unvarnished reports ... about why it took them so a lot ... this is the seat of course SV with the Chevrolet cobalt it's been potentially linked to thirteen back ... NAND looking for in its internal investigation isn't only work ... well it's going to go way back back to two thousand for and that I mentioned the new Chevrolet cobalt was being watched it was the two thousand five model ... and at that time there was an incident of salvo car stalling when the ignition key got bombed out of ... out of place ... and when it's surprising there is an engine years were able to replicate that problem ... up and after looking at the cost or that I needed to to fix it they decided just to close that investigation and not move on and ... so they're investigating why from two thousand for a sit down two thousand fourteen what happened in between there because there were times that this issue continued to pop up ... I again and again and yet no steps were taken until finely in a ... in late December early January this was reported to the new team ... I led by Mary Bera ... who then began an uncalled for the recall ... I can match it was something as serious as this GM is not the only one ... taking a look at other outside investigators have also been taking a look at this issue ... guess what we're going to see are deftly out those with lawsuits that tap or other people that have been in cheered ... that will probably try and go in and out really make a claim against GM one that we have talked to is an attorney who represents AEI Wisconsin family ... the girl was seventeen at the time she's driving ... up for some reason her vehicle left the roadway ... awestruck a telephone pole ... hit some trees injuring her and killing ... the two other friends that were with her at the time ... I'll what we found in what the scene suggests this that that he ... had slipped again into these accessory ... opposition and by doing that it turned off the air banks and so although the occupants were wearing their seatbelts ... the fact that there was no air base at deployed at that time either ... made the crash much more serious ... so you'll have the suits plus others that we see warm enough out there ... of people they'll be going to GM saying hey this is I've experienced this problem ... and I wanted the captaincy ... by Jeff Bennett thing say much for joining us ... thank you ...
Never miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot nowYou can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings.
OH, SNAP! The Page you requested cannot be displayed. This page may have moved or no longer exists. You can searchfor the page you were looking for or go back to WTSP.COM home.

Pardon Our Interruption...As you were browsing http://www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. There are a few reasons this might happen:You're a power user moving through this website with super-human speed.You've disabled JavaScript in your web browser.A third-party browser plugin, such as Ghostery or NoScript, is preventing JavaScript from running. Additional information is available in this support article.To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible.Ignore: Ignore: Ignore: Ignore:First Name Last Name E-mail City Request Unblock
The page you've requested can not be displayed. It appears you've missed your intended destination, either through a bad or outdated link, or a typo in the page you were hoping to reach.

Federal safety investigators put General Motors under a microscope earlier this week, asking the troubled automaker 107 detailed questions about its decade-long delay in recalling cars with a deadly defect. Now, it may be the federal government's turn to face questions.The Center for Auto Safety, one of the nation's leading automotive safety organizations, wants to know why federal regulators failed to act even though they had knowledge of the ignition-switch problem since 2007. In a letter sent this morning , Clarence Ditlow, the organization's president, said the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration not only failed to protect motorists, but charged it kept details of its preliminary inquiries secret and "effectively helped GM cover up this defect.""While GM bears completely responsibility for failing to recall these vehicles by 2005, when it knew what the defect was and how to fix it, NHTSA has responsibility for failing to order a recall by early 2007," Ditlow wrote. "... People died and the agency shares responsibility for their deaths with GM."Although documents show General Motors knew about the dangerous ignition switch problem in 2004, the company did not recall any vehicles until February, when GM announced it would recall more than 1.37 million vehicles, including certain models of the Chevrolet Cobalt and Chevrolet HHR, the Saturn Ion and Saturn Sky and Pontiac G5 and Pontiac Solstice.So far, 13 deaths and 31 crashes have been attributed to the problem, in which the ignition switch inadvertently moves from the "run" to "accessory" position, and cuts power to both the engine and airbags.Could the death toll grow? The Center for Auto Safety says NHTSA received at least 51 reports of death claims from GM via its Early Warning Reporting system between 2004 and 2012. Federal investigators sought more information in at least 29 of the 51 reports, including 17 records prior to a meeting in 2007.On March 29 of that year, NHTSA investigators and GM representatives met to discuss a crash that killed a 16-year-old Maryland girl whose airbags did not deploy in a 2005 Cobalt.Details from that meeting are unknown, but following it, NHTSA stopped seeking more information about similar crashes. Prior to 2007, NHTSA sent GM inquiries on 90 percent of crashes submitted to the Early Warning Report system; after 2007, the agency sought more information in only 38 percent of deadly cases, according to the Center for Auto Safety."Americans need NHTSA's Early Warning Reporting system to actually provide early warnings, instead of just a rear-view mirror look into what has already gone wrong," Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) said Friday. "If NHTSA won't take action to greatly increase public disclosure of information related to potential safety defects, I will introduce legislation ensuring that it does so."Former NHTSA administrator Joan Claybrook echoed Markey's displeasure with the agency she used to lead. On Friday, she sent a letter to the inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation asking for an independent investigation into NHTSA's failure to require a recall."No one is evaluating why NHTSA failed to carry out the law," she said. "I am asking you to undertake a full evaluation of this failure, taking into consideration the overt secrecy the agency now imposes on most of its defect investigation work so that the public is deterred from pressing the agency to act."Earlier this week, Claybrook called upon new General Motors CEO Mary Barra to send a recall notice to consumers that underscores the severity of the ignition-switch problem.Pete Bigelow is an associate editor at AOL Autos. He can be reached via email at peter.bigelow@teamaol.com and followed on Twitter @PeterCBigelow.
The page that you are looking for cannot be found.There has been a change in the address of the page you are looking for.This change may have been a temporary re-location or a permanent removal..
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017We purchased the domain through HugeDomains.com and everything went smooth and easy. It took only a few minutes and everything was ready to install our HedgeHog Shop under the perfect domain. We were also able to talk to the customer service about some general information. Great Service and wonderful experience. Now let's sell some Hedgehogs :) - The Hedgehog Shop, HedgehogShop.com, 2/22/2017 I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017I had been after this domain for some time and was pleased it was available... and definitely pleased I could secure it safely and swiftly. I would absolutely recommend dealing with hugedomains.com as my experience was a success! Thanks guys. - Emma Bellamy, EmmaBellamy.com, 2/21/2017 More testimonials
General Motors' problems with its recall of roughly 1.6-million vehicles continue to mount . Now that it has emerged that GM knew about the problem since at least 2004 but waited to recall vehicles until February 2014, regulators at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have begun a much deeper investigation . NHTSA has sent a 27-page survey to GM that includes 107 questions about the timeline of what led up to the recall, and it has until April 3 to reply.This isn't a simple, multiple-choice test. Automotive News believes that hundreds of pages could be required to answer some of the queries. NHTSA says that it is still investigating GM's response to the recall. "We are a data-driven organization, and we will take whatever action is appropriate based on where our findings lead us," said NHTSA in a statement on its website . If found liable, the automaker could face a fine as high as $35 million and even possible criminal charges, according to Bloomberg NHTSA's questions include a detailed explanation of GM's examination process; how it will improve the process; why a planned redesign of the cars' key in 2005 wasn't implemented; and specific data on each complaint it received. According to Bloomberg, NHTSA also has records that show the company had a meeting with regulators to discuss the airbag failure in a Chevrolet Cobalt in 2007.New GM CEO Mary Barra has also hired an outside law firm to conduct an independent investigation about what happened. It will include questioning company employees who were involved with the process from the start. The recall stems from faulty ignition switches that shut off the car while driving, and if it occurs the airbags deactivate. Thirteen deaths and 23 crashes have been caused by the problem, according to Bloomberg. If you would like to peruse NHTSA's entire questionnaire for GM, it can be viewed here
A former head of the federal agency that regulates vehicle safety admonished General Motors on Thursday for delaying a recall of more than 1.3 million vehicles that had a deadly defect for years.In a letter to GM CEO Mary Barra, Joan Claybrook, a former administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , says the company's botched handling of the problem was "unworthy of GM's global standing, unacceptable to GM's customers and a sad insight into GM's corporate culture."Documents have shown General Motors was aware there was a problem with ignition switches in certain models of its cars as early as 2004. But no vehicles were recalled until February of this year. In the interim, the defect caused at least 13 known deaths and 31 crashes.Recall notices have not yet been sent to drivers who own certain Chevrolet Cobalt Saturn Ion, Chevrolet HHR Pontiac Solstice and Saturn Sky models, but when they are mailed, Claybrook wants the the severity of the threat made clear."It is imperative that GM's letter to owners be a true safety alert, emphasizing the real possibility of death or severe injury," she wrote to Barra. "Often, auto manufacturers do not want to admit the full dangers in safety recall letters. I am writing to urge you to ensure that GM fully informs your customers and puts their lives and safety before concerns about GM's reputation."Claybrook served as NHTSA's administrator from 1977 to 1981, and has been one of the country's leading road safety advocates. In a written response to questions about Clayrbook's letter, GM said, "that approach and the gravity of the recall will be expressed in the letters we send to affected customers."On Wednesday, current NHTSA officials ramped up their scrutiny of GM's handling of the defective ignition switches, which can inadvertently slip from the "run" to the "accessory" position and turn off airbags and other electronics. The agency sent GM a special order that directs company leaders to answer questions on 107 separate aspects of how they handled the problem by April 3.Among the queries:- NHTSA wants to know the number of consumer complaints GM received, number of field reports, reports of crashes involving injuries and fatalities and the details on lawsuits both pending and closed.- What's the difference between a redesigned ignition switch the company began using in 2007 and the one GM intends to fix the affected cars with now?- According to a statement from GM North American president Alan Batey, the company's investigation of the defect was "not as robust as it should have been." Describe in detail the ways in which GM's process "was not as robust as it should have been" and GM's plans (if any) to change its process.- Define testing and analysis that further determined that a key moves from the run to accessory position, and how that key movement affects airbag deployment.NHTSA said GM's responses to its questions must be under oath, accompanied by an affidavit and signed by "a responsible member" of the company. Failure to respond by the deadline could lead to a further investigation conducted by the U.S. Department of Justice, in which the automaker could be subject to criminal penalties.A DOJ investigation into a deadly vehicular problem doesn't happen often, but there is precedent. The federal agency investigated Firestone in 2000 after 88 deaths were blamed on defective tires , and the DOJ's U.S. Attorney's Office has led a four-year investigation into Toyota's unintended acceleration problem.A Department of Justice spokesperson did not return requests for comment on whether it was mulling an investigation of General Motors.GM sales slid one percent year over year in February, when the recall was first announced. Analysts are monitoring whether the ongoing problem will affect sales of current models, but believe the impact will be minimal because all the affected vehicles are no longer on sale. But they are watching to see how the government's investigation proceeds."While the timeframe suggests this issue occurred before GM's restructuring, it's clear the government will hold current management responsible if it finds a lack of urgency and transparency," said Kelley Blue Book senior analyst Karl Brauer.Pete Bigelow is an associate editor at AOL Autos . He can be reached via email at peter.bigelow@teamaol.com and followed on Twitter @PeterCBigelow.
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Not foundThe requested server cannot be accessed at this time because you do not have authorization, or due to other reasons such as incorrect settings. It is also possible the site is under maintenance.
Thank you for visiting FOX 5 New York. We've moved, please click here. If you can't find what you're looking for, click on our "hamburger" navigation icon, or search the site. Sorry for any inconvenience - we hope you enjoy our new mobile-optimized site.

The simulcast, which saw its best performance on the broadcast network, kicks off its 13-week run without a gargantuan haul.Sunday's incredibly crowded TV schedule saw Fox pitting science against scripted heavy-hitters like The Walking Dead, True Detective and ABC's impressive launch for Resurrection.The broadcast net's follow-up to Carl Sagan's 30-year-old Cosmos: A Personal Voyage brought in 8.5 million viewers across 10 networks -- including Fox's cable nets and the National Geographic Channel. It's a modest haul, given the scope of the launch, but Fox cited global projections north of 40 million viewers for the first week.Among adults 18-49, Cosmos grossed a 2.9 rating.Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey, produced by Seth MacFarlane and hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson, fared best on Fox. Fast National returns have the network earning a vast majority of the total haul with 5.8 million viewers.As is the case with all non-live TV, expect a great deal of attention on how much of a lift Cosmos gets from time-shifters.


In Sunday's premiere of Cosmos, Neil deGrasse Tyson spent a good third of the show describing the sheer immensity of time on the cosmic scale. Our universe was born 13.8 billion years ago. If we condense that time down to one calendar year, we create what is called the "cosmic calendar."In this cosmic calendar 1 day = 40 million years and 1 month = more than 1 billion years.If the big bang happened at the beginning of the year, the first second of January 1, then:As it expanded, the universe cooled, and it was darkness for about 200 million years. Gravity was pulling together clumps of gas and heating them until the first stars burst into light on January 10. On January 13th, these stars coalesced to form the first small galaxies. These galaxies merged to form still larger ones, including our own Milky Way. We formed about 11 billion years ago, on March 15 of the cosmic year.It took until September for the solar system to develop, and early earth to be created. Life starts about that time too.In this scale, humans didn't arise until the last day of the year, and modern civilization makes up about the last 14 seconds of the year. Everyone we have ever heard of lived in those 14 seconds, deGrasse Tyson says:Every person you've ever heard of lies right in there. All those kings and battles, migrations and inventions, wars and loves, every thing in the history books happened here in the last seconds of the cosmic calendar.Here's a detailed version from Wikipedia user Efbrazil:
President Barack Obama introduced the highly anticipated series premiere episode of COSMOS: A SPACETIME ODYSSEY which aired last night, Sunday, March 9 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on 10 FOX Networks Group Channels, including FOX and National Geographic Channel. In the video message, which lead into the premiere episode, President Obama invited a new generation to embrace the spirit of discovery and inspires viewers to explore new frontiers and imagine limitless possibilities for the future.The series premiere episode of COSMOS will air simultaneously across multiple U.S. FOX networks, including FOX, National Geographic Channel, FX, FXX, FXM, Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2, Nat Geo Wild, Nat Geo Mundo and FOX Life at 9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT. This first multi-network launch event for FOX Networks Group, along with the series debut on FOX International Channels and National Geographic Channels International, will make COSMOS: A SPACETIME ODYSSEY available on 220 channels in 181 countries, with an overall footprint of more than half a billion homes.Last Friday, Feb. 28, FOX Broadcasting Company (FOX) and National Geographic Channel (NGC) hosted a special preview of COSMOS: A SPACETIME ODYSSEY at the White House as part of the first-ever White House Student Film Festival. The festival celebrated the Obama Administration's commitment to using technology in the classroom. As part of the event, President Obama delivered remarks detailing progress toward his ConnectED goal of connecting 99% of students to next-generation broadband and wireless technology within five years.Additionally, National Geographic Channel hosted 100 teachers in Washington, D.C. this week - winners of the Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST) - for a sneak peek at COSMOS. The educators represented all 50 states, D.C. and Puerto Rico. President Obama hosted them on Monday night for a reception honoring their commitment to and excellence in education.After the cross-network premiere event, COSMOS: A SPACETIME ODYSSEY will continue its epic 13-episode run, airing Sundays (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on FOX, and Mondays - with all-new bonus footage and behind-the-scenes content - on the National Geographic Channel (NGC) (10:00-11:00 PM ET/PT).
The Star's Origins in Matthew:In the Gospel of Matthew, wise men from a foreign land appear in Herod's court sometime after Jesus' birth. Their intention is to pay homage to "king of the Jews" who they know was born "For we observed his star at its rising and have come to pay him homage" (Matthew 1:2 New Oxford Annotated Bible). They then proceed to Bethlehem "and there, ahead of them, went the star that they had seen at its rising, until it stopped over the place where the child was" (Matthew 1:9).Christian tradition has held that there were three wise men, though Matthew does not specify this, only that three gifts were given.Other References to the Christmas Star:Matthew - the only canonical Gospel to reference it - offers few details, though the Gospel is quite clear that Herod's priests were unable to notice it, even after notified of it by the wise men (else they would have found the infant Jesus' house).The apocryphal gospel of James, brother of Jesus (according to tradition) and the writings of first-century bishop Ignatius (who said the star "outshone all the celestial lights, and to which the Sun and Moon did obeisance") do describe the star as being quite dazzling.Overall, these references provide some connection to Messianic prophecies in the Old Testament books.Traveling to Bethlehem:From the quotes in Matthew, it is therefore possible to assume that the star was not itself particularly distinct from other stars.The wise men, or "magi," were presumably astrologers. The gospel indicates that the wise men became aware of Jesus' birth when the star appeared and set out for Judea at that time. The journey from their nation to Judea would have anywhere between one and three weeks (assuming they were Babylonian).So the options are they they either arrived after Jesus birth, or the star appeared some time prior to Jesus' birth, thus giving them time to arrive.Physical Interpretations:Assuming that the Star of Bethlehem existed, the question remains of what caused it physically.Given a more "dazzling" Star, it might have been a supernova. However, such a supernova would still leave radiation remnants and none have been detected which fall within the dates needed to be the Star of Bethlehem. It is not ruled out completely, but there is no evidence to particularly support the theory.Astronomer David Hughes of England's Sheffield University has reviewed historical documents and found other references to a star "standing over" a location, both of which were actually comets.Possible Comet Candidate:In 248 A.D., the Christian writer Origen first proposed the idea that the Bethlehem Star might have been a comet. He suggested the sui-hsing ("broom star") noted by Chinese astronomers in 5 B.C., which approximately matches the accurate date for Jesus' birth (generally calculated at around 4 B.C.).The comet was visible for 70 days, which provided plenty of time for the wise men to travel from their homelands to Herod's court and then on to Bethlehem while it was still in the sky.The Planet Hypothesis:Another hypothesis is that the Star of Bethlehem may have been Jupiter. Sometimes, planets go through a stationary point in the travel through the sky, appearing to make small loops against the rest of the stars while they go through their retrograde motion. When Jupiter appears stationary during such a cycle, it does so for about a week.Records suggest that Babylonian astronomers watched closely for such motion and attributed great significance to it. At the time, those looking at the heavens did not yet realize that planets differed from stars. Some other planets are also possible candidates.Astrology:Of course, when Matthew says that the wise men observed the star "rising," he may not have meant the literal rising of the star in the heavens, but rather an astrological alignment of stars perceived through the lens of the mathematical and geometric formulas used by the magi in interpreting such things.In this case, the things which the magi looked for would likely not be something which modern-day astronomers particularly care about, so any physics analysis would lead nowhere.Sources of Information:The information in this article came primarily from Roger Highfield's The Physics of Christmas.
New app the end of reading as you know it STEPHEN HUTCHEONRelevant offersIt's only been a few years since the concept of reading articles and even books on a phone became a reality and already we're about to be introduced to the next phase of reading on digital devices.That's because many of the devices we will be carrying - or wearing, to be exact - come with much smaller screens.Take for instance, the smart watch or Google Glass, or even the fitness tracker with its sliver of a display. All of these are examples of the new wave of wearable devices which are about to hit the mass market.Enter Spritz. After three years in stealth mode, the start-up has taken the wrappers of a new service that promises to reinvent the way we read.Spritz is already being prototyped in an email app developed for the the new Samsung Gear 2 smart watch, which will be launching soon.The technology is based around Rapid Serial Visual Presentation (RSVP), a concept that dates back to the 1970s and was later was used to improve reading efficiency through programs such as speed reading courses.While there are many advantages to improving the efficiency of reader and comprehension, purists will choke at the prospect of a system that looks like the optical equivalent of binge drinking.And anyone who loves typography, layout and the look and feel of the printed word, should probably stop reading here.HOW TRADITIONAL READING WORKSThe company says traditional reading - on a page or screen - requires the reader to move their eyes along a sentence, word to word sequentially seeking what Spritz calls the "Optimal Recognition Point" or ORP.This movement is called a saccade.Your eye skips along a sentence, much like the animation in a karaoke video when you vocalise the lyrics by following the bouncing ball.Sprtiz argues that traditional reading following the 80-20 rule: 80 per cent of your eye-brain activity is spent moving your eyeball. And only 20 per cent is spent processing the content you read.HOW THE SPRITZ WAY OF READING WORKSThe Spritz method streams words, one-at-a-time into a narrow window the company calls a "redicle".The redicle is designed to show up to 13 characters at a time, which also happens to be the maximum length word on which the eye can focus.It's a bit like flinging words at your eyeball. Your eye doesn't waste time and energy on saccadic activity and as a result you spend more time absorbing and processing the content.Spritz says it takes five minutes to train yourself to adapt to the rhythm and once that's done, you can read at speeds of up to 500 words a minute. It claims some early users are reaching speeds of 1000 words per minute.The average "traditional" reading speed is about 220 words per minute.- Sydney Morning HeraldComments
Spritz Allows you to Speed Read Up to 600wpm
A reading app that claims to enable its users to read up to 1,000 words per minute has attracted a lot of attention, but how does it work? We explain what Spritz is, and how it gets its users reading fast.It's not surprising that an app that claims to enable its users to read at 1,000 words per minute has attracted a lot of attention - especially when we tell you that the human average for reading English text is a lowly 220 words per minute. Here's what is the Spritz reading app. We go into a little detail as to how the Spritz app works. See also what's the best smartphone?First of all you should know that the Spritz reading app has initially been confirmed to appear only on Samsung devices. So if you want to use the Spritz technology then you had better buy the Samsung Galaxy S5 or Samsung Galaxy Gear2 smartwatch as these are the only two devices announced so far that run the app.However, Sprtiz' CEO Frank Waldman,revealed at MWC that he was in talks with the likes of Google, Yahoo and Amazon, discussing how his reading software could improve theses company's products. So watch this space.What is Spritz?In its simplest form Sprtiz is an app for the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Samsung Galaxy Gear2 smartwatch that lets you read quicker than you normally would by showing you one word at a time.Here are three examples of how Spritz works.How does Spritz work?While there are currently other apps on the market that claim to enable you to read faster, Spritz is a little different.The reason that Waldman gives for Spritz being different to its competition is thanks to what the company describes as Rapid Serial Visual Presentation. What this means in layman's terms is that the Spritz app puts a lot of emphasis on the positioning of each word, with the recommended 'focus letter' highlighted to give the reader the best chance of processing and understanding each word.The science doesn't stop there either, Waldman also claims that Spritz has an incredible algorithm built into the app that decides how long each word should stay displayed on screen for too.When can I get Spritz on my iPhone/Android device?There is no official release date for the Spritz app on other devices as yet, but considering the amount of attention that the app has already received even though it hasn't launched yet, it would be madness for the German tech company not to strike/blitzkrieg while the iron is hot.How much will Spritz cost?Spritz's CEO Frank Waldman said that the company wanted to follow the Whatsapp business model, which means it will offer the speedy reading app to users for free for a limited time to build a following and get users used to the software, and then start charging a small fee for the app further down the line.Will I process everything I read?According to the Spritz website, then "of course". Early test from the developers suggests that reading retention while using Spritz is equal to that of traditional left to right reading. The company also claims that with a little bit of experience you will soon remember more of the text than you did before. Spritz also claim that you can read at this ridiculously quick speed for up to two hours without a break providing your bladder is strong enough.Take a look at the Sprtiz blog to find out more.
Spritz app enables individuals to read lengthy online content much faster, by displaying content, using one word at time.This app eliminates the clunky page, and shows only a window of 13 characters. It displays only a limited number of characters because the human eye focuses on only 13 characters at a time.In-depth research states that traditional reading formats take up a lot of physical screen space on mobile devices like smartphones. Taking this fact into consideration, it displays words with the Optimal Recognition Point (ORP).The ORP utilizes the brain's processing time, and is indicated by a colored letter in the word, helping the user to read quickly. Its technique can increase reading speeds to 1,000 words or more a minute, compared to a normal 220.To encourage developers, the company will also offer SDKs and APIs for Android, iOS and JavaScript, in order to incorporate it inside apps and websites.
An app called Spritz will let people read up to 1,000 words-per-minute, which translates to being able to read an entire novel in just over an hour.Ever wanted to blaze through your novels and textbooks but find that you can't since you can only read at a certain rate? Well, a new app called Spritz just might help with that. According to the company, Spritz will help people read 250 to 1,000 words-per-minute, which equates to reading an entire Harry Potter novel at just over an hour. The Boston-based company states, "Reading is inherently time consuming because your eyes have to move from word to word and line to line. Traditional reading also consumes huge amounts of physical space on a page or screen, which limits reading effectiveness on small displays. Scrolling, pinching, and resizing a reading area doesn't fix the problem and only frustrates people. Now, with compact text streaming from Spritz, content can be streamed one word at a time, without forcing your eyes to spend time moving around the page. Spritz makes streaming your content easy and more comfortable, especially on small displays. Our "Redicle" technology enhances readability even more by using horizontal lines and hash marks to direct your eyes to the red letter in each word, so you can focus on the content that interests you."Spritz Inc. claims its tech can be integrated into photos, maps and websites, too. And while we know how traditional ways of reading can be time consuming, just how does the Spritz make us read faster? "The time consuming part of reading lies mainly in the actual eye movements from word to word and sentence to sentence. In addition, traditional reading simply takes up a lot of physical space. Spritz solves both of these problems. First, your eyes do not have to move from word to word or around the page that you're reading. In fact, there's no longer a page - with Spritz you only need 13 total characters to show all of your content. Fast streaming of text is easier and more comfortable for the reader, especially when reading areas become smaller," the company claims.For reference, a .gif showing what 500 words-per-minute looks like can be seen below, with 1,000 words-per-minute speeds doubling that of what's shown.While using the app might make people read faster, that doesn't necessarily mean they'll understand all the words flashing on screen. But according to a statement from Dr. Maik Mauer, co-founder and CTO of Spritz, "spritzing" does increase a person's comprehension. "Happily, our tests confirmed that spritzing increases comprehension. We're now starting to research whether time spent spritzing will also increase a user's traditional reading speed and comprehension, an effect reported to us by many of our testers," Mauer notes.Currently, the speed-reading app is set to launch on the upcoming Samsung S5 smartphone and Gear 2 smartwatch; but the company states they are working with other mobile makers, wearable manufacturers and even e-book companies to make the technology more accessible in the future. You can test the app on its official site to see if it works just as the company intended, or you can also check out the open-source implementation or even the Chrome extension that's available.Personally, I'm all for making people read faster. Hopefully, continually using the app won't make anyone feel dizzy or even nauseous. Can you imagine "spritzing" instead of reading or would you rather take your time when reading something?Source: PCMag and NeoGAF
A new technology that is set to make its debut in April could one day make it possible for users to read Harry Potter books in just a few hours.Spritz, as the technology is called, makes it easy for users to read as quickly as 1,000 words per minute by focusing users' eyes on a single word at a time. The company says its technology places each word at the optimal location on the screen, ensuring users can rapidly recognize them."This method makes communication faster, easier and more effective by removing the inefficient eye movements associated with traditional reading," Spritz said in a statement.VIDEO: How Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto chose which reporter to speak to [Video]According to the company, with traditional reading, users spend 80% of their time simply moving their eyes and only 20% actually processing content.A demo of Spritz's technology can be found on the company's website.Spritz is set to launch in April as a feature with the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone and the Gear 2 smartwatch."With the growth of wearable devices, Spritz's patent-pending technology will enable Samsung device users to read emails comfortably and conveniently -- one streaming word at a time," the company said in a statement.Spritz said it is working on enabling its technology so it can also be used to read text messages, social media streams, web content and digital books.At 1,000 words per minute, users could potentially read the shortest Harry Potter book -- "The Sorcerer's Stone," which is about 77,000 words long -- in a little more than an hour. The longest book -- "The Order of the Phoenix," which is about 257,000 words long -- could be read in a little more than four hours.However, Spritz said it has not yet decided when its technology will be made available for e-books.For those wondering if it is possible to remember the things they read using Spritz, the company said that its tests have shown that retention levels with Spritz are at least as good as they are with traditional reading techniques.ALSO:Instagram inks $100-million advertising dealWhy Thursday may have been the strangest bitcoin news day everDonors pledge bitcoins to Dorian S. Nakamoto; tally now up to $12,500
What can reading 1,000 words a minute do for you? A speed-reading technology called Spritz aims at letting you find out.The product, which will come installed on Samsung's Gear 2 smartwatch and Galaxy S5 smartphone when they launch, streams the material the user is reading one word at a time onto a text bar on the device's screen, philly.com reports.One letter in each word is highlighted in red at what developer Spritz Inc. says is the "optimal recognition point," the spot where the brain recognizes the word, according to the International Business Times. Every word is positioned so that its red letter is in the same place as those before and after, so the eyes don't have to move.The words stream in rapid succession, up to 1,000 words a minute, nearly five times as fast as the normal reading speed of 220 words a minute. That's fast enough to get through a Harry Potter book in an hour, philly.com notes.At Spritz's top speed, a reader could zip through the Declaration of Independence -- 1,478 words including signatures -- in under a minute and a half. The 560,000-word English translation of "War and Peace" could be devoured in under 10 hours and the Bible, at about 775,000 words, in under 13 hours.The U.S Tax Code, all 4 million or so words of it, could be read in two days and 18 hours.Walt Wolf posted this video demonstration of Spritz on YouTube:Various Spritzing speeds up to 600 words per minute also are demonstrated on Spritz Inc.'s website.Alison Flood, writing in The Guardian's Books Blog, said she found she could comfortably keep up at 600 words a minute."Spritzing is quite fun, and it seems to work," Flood added. "But the issue for me, which I think would stop me using it to read books, is the level of concentration it requires. You can't look away from the screen for a second, or you'd be utterly at sea."Spritz Chief Executive Officer Frank Waldman told Business Insider's Ryan Bushey that he sees applications for the technology extending into social media:Waldman divulged that his company has been pitching Google, Yahoo, Amazon, and other tech giants on how Spritz could improve various products. He wouldn't provide specific details, but explained how Spritz could hypothetically alter services like Facebook or Twitter. Long threads of tweets or detailed Facebook statuses could be read in a few seconds, for example.The company is taking submissions for Android, iPhone, and Web developers kits, Business Insider said. Initially offered for email and messaging, the company also is working on licensing Spritz to software developers and ebook makers.Spritz officials haven't decided whether Spritz would be a paid offering or free, Waldman said.What's your take on this speed-reading technology? Please leave a comment below.
Server Error404 - File or directory not found. The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.
Scanning a page from left to right to read the text might soon become an obsolete method thanks to a revolutionary piece of technology known as Spritz.The technology has made its debut on the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Gear 2, and has become astoundingly popular.Spritz's Text Streaming Technology enables easy reading in a format optimised for small screens.The ConceptBy serving up static blocks of text in a speed-reading text box, Spritz makes it possible for people to easily go beyond the average reading speed of 220 words per minute.It starts up at about 250 words per minute or wpm, and then progresses to speeds as fast as 1,000 wpm. How much faster does your reading become thanks to this? Well, for instance, a Spritz user can now read a 1,000-page novel in 10 hours or less.How does Spritz work?"Spritz's technology streams individual words inside of a special display called the "Redicle," which helps the eyes to position themselves precisely at the recognition point for each word," says a press release."The most time-consuming part of reading is the eye movement from word to word. By applying their new method of word alignment that's based on the science of how people traditionally recognize words while reading, Spritz takes eye movement out of the equation, allowing much more to be read in the same amount of time. Spritz provides proprietary algorithms to identify how long to display words and sentences, providing an unparalleled natural reading experience."Try Out A Sprtiz Session here and read at speeds up to 500 WPMSpritz Increases Traditional Reading Speed"When we started testing, we already knew that we were on to something but the comprehension tests surprised even us," said Maik Maurer, Co-Founder and CTO of Spritz."Happily, our tests confirmed that spritzing increases comprehension. We're now starting to research whether time spent spritzing will also increase a user's traditional reading speed and comprehension, an effect reported to us by many of our testers."What Languages does it work with?English, Spanish, French, German, Russian and Korean are currently supported by Spritz with many more languages on the way.


Last September, Apple released iOS 7, a major revamp of its mobile operating system for iPhone and iPad. Since then, we've seen a number of smaller OTA updates to the OS. Today brings the first major upgrade to iOS 7, though. This week, Apple finally released iOS 7.1, which brings with it a host of new features. So what can you expect with this iteration of iOS? Read on for the breakdown!CarPlayLet's start with the big one: CarPlay. Announced in early March, CarPlay is Apple's in-car infotainment system. The company wants to make using your iPhone in the car safer and more fun. CarPlay will give users access to maps, GPS routing, iTunes, Siri, and the ability to make calls and send messages via the iPhone and iMessage.SiriYou can now manually control when Siri listens by holding down the home button and releasing it when you're finished asking your question. It's important to note that Siri isn't always listening for commands, rather this is an alternative method of letting Siri know when you've stopped talking. Before, Siri had to 'notice' by itself. Now, by releasing the home button, you're telling her (or him) you're done and it's time for her to go do her thing. Siri now also has some new voices, including some more natural sounding ones for Mandarin, UK and Australian English, and Japanese. These are available in both male and female versions.MusiciTunes Radio will now let you buy albums based on the song that's currently playing with just one button press. Apple is also adding a search field above featured stations and allowing users to subscribe to iTunes Match via iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch.In addition to the changes made to iTunes Radio, Music applications now have Shuffle and Repeat buttons for the times when you want to be surprised or when you don't.CalendarApple's native Calendar app will now offer you the option of displaying events while in 'month view.' In addition to this, the company has added country-specific holidays for new countries (though the release notes don't offer a list, so you'll have to check yours and report back in the comments). Apple has also redesigned the list view.CameraThis one is specifically for iPhone 5S users. Owners of Apple's current generation smartphone will notice a new setting in the Camera application that automatically enables HDR. You can also use the new 'Upload Burst Photos' option, which is accessed via iOS Settings.PerformanceWe all know OS updates can be a point of uncertainty for those with older generation devices. If you're still rocking an iPhone 4, Apple is promising you a bump in performance. Cupertino hasn't offered any specifics on this, so we don't know what kind of bump you'll get, but with the iPhone 4 pushing four years old, it's nice users haven't been forgotten just yet.FaceTimeIf you're used to FaceTiming across multiple devices, you'll be pleased to learn that call notifications from Apple's video calling application will now automatically be cleared when you take a call on another device.UIApple has also made a few tweaks to the user interface that you'll no doubt run into sooner or later. These include a new 'Dark Keyboard.' You'll find this under the iOS Settings - > Accessibility.* There you can also navigate to the 'Increase Contrast' tab where you'll find a 'Darken Colors' option. You'll also notice that the bold font option now extends to the keyboard and calculator, and the Reduce Motion option includes Weather, Messages, and multitasking UI animations. The dialer has gotten a refresh, too, as has the slide-to-power-off UI. TouchID and Passcode now feature on the main menu when you navigate to iOS Settings and 'Touch ID requires your passcode when iPhone restarts' will now pop up when you restart your phone.FixesWhile Apple has added plenty of new features with iOS 7.1, the bug fixes are a lot more sparse. This is largely because all the minor updates to iOS 7 up until now (iOS 7.01 to iOS 7.06, which was just released mid-February) have been about fixes. Though some of them brought additional features, they, for the most part, focused on fixing bugs, which means there isn't a boatload of bug fixes being administered with iOS 7.1.iOS 7.1 patches exploits used by the evasi0n7 Jailbreak. It also fixes a bug that caused home screen crashing, and improves TouchID recognition. There was also a problem with displaying the unread mail badge for numbers over 10,000. This has also been fixed. Other than that, we expect Apple will continue to roll out fixes on a case-by-case basis in future updates.*The Dark Keyboard option was apparently removed before final release. We've emailed Apple for clarification on this one. We'll let you know when we hear back. Hat tip to @mcnaugha for the tip!Follow Jane McEntegart @JaneMcEntegart. Follow us @tomshardware, on Facebook and on Google+.
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017 Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017 My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 More testimonials

Apple has credited the evad3rs jailbreak team with discovering several security issues, according to a new Knowledge Base article that details security issues fixed in iOS 7.1 today. The company also credits a number of individual researchers -- including one named Roboboi99 -- as well as corporate security specialists from Google and FireEye, among other companies.As is common at many tech companies, Apple credits security researchers who discover vulnerabilities in its products after it fixes them, though the company does not offer a bounty program to financially reward researchers like many other companies do.In iOS 7.1, Apple fixed security issues with Backup, the Certificate Trust Policy, Configuration Profiles, CoreCapture, Crash Reporting, dyld, FaceTime, ImageIO, IOKit HID Event, iTunes Store, Kernel, Office Viewer, Photos Backend, Profiles, Safari, Settings, SpringBoard, SpringBoard Lock Screen, the TelephonyUI Framework, USB Host, Video Driver, and WebKit.Of course, with Apple fixing the security issues that the jailbreak team discovered, it has also closed the loopholes that allowed a jailbreak in the first place. For now, the last version of iOS that can be jailbroken is iOS 7.0.6.
If iOS 7 was a fresh coat of paint for Apple's operating system, then today's iOS 7.1 release is a much-needed touch up six months into the redesign.This essential software update fixes a number of unresolved bugs that complicated owning an iPhone 5S, iPad Air and iPad mini 2.iOS 7.1 also features a handful of user interface tweaks that alter the non-skeuomorphic design. They're still flat, but a little rounder than before.We pored over the official release notes and tested out iOS 7.1 to find that while there aren't a lot of major changes, its ability to remedy iOS 7 glitches makes it worth downloading immediately.Death to 'the white screen of death'The most pervasive glitch is what Apple is calling "an occasional Home screen crash bug." Users have more aptly nicknamed it the "white screen of death" glitch.By either name, it's an annoying software defect that randomly forced iOS devices into a soft reset. A blank screen with the Apple logo would suddenly show up for no apparent reason.While users have complained about this task-closing glitch since September 2013, Apple hasn't been able to fix it until now. It first acknowledged the problem and promised a solution in January.The company didn't reveal why this glitch occurred, but it's thankfully gone according to our tests today. Six months is far too long to wait for such a patch.iOS 7.1 revs up CarPlayApple is putting iOS in the Car, even though its infotainment ecosystem doesn't go by that more direct name anymore.CarPlay is enabled through iOS 7.1 on any iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C or iPhone 5 as long as it's paired with a compatible vehicle.One of the biggest iOS 7.1 features most people won't be able to useSo far that includes the Volvo XC90 SUV, Mercedes-Benz C-Class and the Ferrari FF with more car models and manufacturers to come.The release notes indicate that CarPlay brings phone, music, maps, messages and third-party audio apps to the hands-free infotainment center.Users can also control everything through Siri or via the car's touchscreen, knobs and buttons.Design tweaksFlat circles are in and skeuomorphic boxes are out, according to Apple's iOS design tweaks. The look and feel of iOS 7.1 makes such alterations to the call and power-off screens.iOS 7 vs iOS 7.1 call screen has changedThe answer and end button are now green and red circles. These smaller but more fashionable pair match the caller's round photo icon.The same treatment was given to the revised power off slide bar. Holding down the sleep button brings up a new white and red button, replacing the ugly reddish-orange bar.All animations have been sped up too, making iOS 7.1 instantly faster when sliding through and opening up apps. It's almost as if the processor got a speed boost without the necessary hardware upgrade.Siri and Touch IDSiri is easier to operate in iOS 7.1. Before, Apple's personal assistant would often cut you off mid-sentence, complicating it as a hands-free solution.Now, holding down the home button manually controls Siri so that you can drone on and on without having her interrupting your bloviating commands.Overall minor changes until iOS 8Apple's release notes indicate that its Touch ID fingerprint recognition system has improved with iOS 7.1. Users have previously complained that the scanner forgets their fingerprints.The Camera and Calendar apps are the final tweaks Apple is highlighting in iOS 7.1. The iPhone 5S automatically enables HDR photos through the Camera app, while Calendar brings the much-needed ability to view events by month.All of these upgrades aren't significant and few iPhone users can take advantage of CarPlay, but today's minor update is a step in the right direction as we await bigger changes for iOS 8 this fall.
Apologies, but the page you requested could not be found. Perhaps searching will help.
- Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International
Apple has released iOS 7.1, an update for the iPhone and iPad operating system that includes CarPlay and improvements to Siri.Chief among the additions is CarPlay, Apple's car infotainment system announced last week. iPhone 5s, 5c and 5 owners with cars that support CarPlay will be able to use the feature.SHAREShare on Facebook SHAREShare on Twitter TWEETLink On the go: iOS 7.1 adds support for CarPlay.The update also fixes a bug that has come to be known as the "black/white screen of death", which caused some Apple iOS devices to randomly crash and restart.Apple has given users more control over how long Siri will listen to a user. Previously, users held down the home button to activate Siri, but now they can continue holding the home button until they are done speaking so Siri won't cut them off. Siri has also been given new, "more natural" voices in Australian English, UK English, Japanese and Mandarin Chinese.SHAREShare on FacebookShare on TwitterLink Siri gets new voices in iOS 7.1.Design changes include darkening some colours and making it more obvious where to press buttons. The function for answering calls was also tweaked, and a list of events added to the month view in the Calendar app.For owners of the iPhone 5s, Apple made some improvements to the TouchID fingerprint sensor so the device works more quickly and reliably. Some users had complained the fingerprint sensor often took multiple attempts to verify their identity.AdvertisementiPhone 5s users also have a new camera setting that automatically enables HDR (high-dynamic-range) mode.Additionally, Apple said the update will improve how iOS 7 performs on the iPhone 4 and older versions of the iPad. The software previously ran slowly on the iPhone 4, but the update should make it feel faster, Apple said.Users will also no longer have to clear their FaceTime notifications from their gadgets when they answer a call on another device. Apple said these notifications will now clear automatically.In September last year, Apple rolled out iOS 7, the biggest overhaul of the mobile-operating system used by millions of iPhone and iPad owners. The system was revamped after design head Jony Ive took over from former software chief Scott Forstall in 2012.To download iOS 7.1, users can head to their Settings app, tap "General" then "Software Update". They can also connect their devices to iTunes on their computer.Los Angeles Times, Fairfax Media, Bloomberg


Page Not FoundYou have requested a page that cannot be found.We have recently migrated our site to a new platform which is why old links may no longer work. Please use the navigation or search box above to guide you to your desired content.
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017 Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017 My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 More testimonials
The Apple logo as seen on one of their many products displayed at a store in Seoul. (Photo : Reuters)Apple has made its iOS 7.1 update available for download, which is good news for many people around the world, but bad news for jailbreak fans.The latest iOS update fixes issues like random reboots occurring for no apparent reasons, and includes an improved call menu systemThe call menu now comes with updated buttons for declining or answering calls, messaging, or setting reminds, to make it harder for Apple users to press the wrong button.Other features include improvements to Siri and Touch ID, along with the release of Apple's new CarPlay service.If you've jailbroken your phone and wish to keep it jailbroken, don't update to iOS 7.1, as it's been designed to patch the vulnerability that resulted in the latest Evasi0n7 exploit.More bad news for users looking to jailbreak their devices after upgrading to the newest OS is that Evad3rs member "Pod2g" was recently quoted saying they won't focus on the next jailbreak as a team, and that they may save their efforts for the anticipated arrival of iOS 8."If one day, I find myself bored and can put enough time and energy into it, I have some ideas for how to make (an iOS) 7.1 jailbreak," said the Evad3rs member, according to the International Digital Times.If you aren't concerned about jailbreaks and you're looking to update you device, simply go to the "Settings" option, click "General," and then "Software Update."
- Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International
Apple on Monday afternoon pushed out an update for its iOS mobile operating system, featuring support for the much-hyped CarPlay, improvements for Siri, Touch ID, and more.First unveiled last week, CarPlay is described in the update notes as an "iOS experience designed for the car." It lets you control your phone, music, maps, messages, and third-party audio apps with Siri or your car's "touch screen, knobs, and buttons."That is, if you have a CarPlay-enabled vehicle. The technology is making its debut in select cars shipping this year, including Ferrari, Mercedes-Benz, and Volvo. BMW, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Hyundai, Jaguar, Land Rover, Kia, Mitsubishi, Nissan, PSA Peugeot Citroen, Subaru, Suzuki, and Toyota customers will soon gain access as well, Apple said last week. For more, check out the slideshow below.The first major update to iOS 7 also makes Siri a little more lifelike thanks to "more natural sounding" male and female voices for Mandarin Chinese, UK English, Australian English, and Japanese. You can also now manually control when the virtual personal assistant listens by holding down the home button while you speak and releasing it when you're done instead of just letting Siri automatically notice when you stop talking.Meanwhile, iPhone 5s users should be happy to hear that Apple has improved Touch ID fingerprint recognition, though Cupertino did specify exactly how it is better. The company also fixed an issue that occasionally caused the home screen to crash.In iTunes Radio, there's a new Search field above Featured Stations, letting you create stations based on songs and artists. You can also now buy albums right from the Now Playing screen, and subscribe to iTunes Match on your mobile device to listen to iTunes Radio without ads.You'll also notice some changes to the calendar and camera. Country-specific holidays are now automatically added to the calendar for many countries, and you can now display events in month view. For mobile shutterbugs, there's a new setting to automatically enable HDR for the iPhone 5s.On the accessibility front, the bold font option now includes the keyboard calculator and many icon glyphs. In addition, Apple has expanded the "reduce motion" option, which addresses iOS 7-related motion sickness, to cover weather, messages, and other animations.The update requires at least 1.9GB of storage. Happy downloading, iOS users.For more, check out PCMag Live in the video below, which discusses the iOS 7.1 update.
TECHThe iOS 7.1 download has officially released and is available immediately for public download. Over the next week, Apple will alert users about the new mobile OS iteration, according to CNET.With the update, Apple offers CarPlay and tweaks to the personal assistant, Siri, iTunes Radio and TouchID, which has been an issue for users with iOS 7.iOS 7.1, which also packs some interface refinements and stability and accessibility improvements, will work better with the iPhone 4, which features a less advanced chip than the more recent Apple devices, as well. The download's release marks the first major update since iOS 7 was released six months ago alongside the iPhone 5S and 5C smartphones. Users of any original iPad from 2010 and any iPhone older than the iPhone 4 will not be able to download iOS 7.1.The public release follows five beta updates.Last week, Daring Fireball Apple blogger John Gruber claimed that iOS 7.1 would be made available to the public because Apple needed the update to operate its iTunes Festival app ahead of its kick-off next week at SXSW. Gruber claimed that Apple did not have the software in the App Store to offer live-streaming of the event, however, the app officially arrived with iOS 7.0 compatibility.The iOS 7.1 update has been in beta testing since November, with the last beta version, Beta 5, released in early February.Though the iOS 7.1 download is not much different from iOS 7, the CarPlay feature is a noteworthy addition. CarPlay allows users to sync up their iDevice with the dashboard of their vehicle.So what else has changed with iOS 7.1? Let's take a look at some of the features integrated into the developer beta versions:The iOS 7.1 beta 5 update includes "natural-sounding" updates to Siri's voice for Australian English, U.K. English, Japanese, and Mandarin Chinese, according to the download's release notes. It also features a new shift and caps lock key on the keyboard, new wallpaper options and updates to Xcode 5.1 Developer Preview 5 and a new version of the Apple TV beta software, MacRumors reports.A minimal-UI property was added to Safari, which allows a user to minimize the top and bottom Safair bars while they are loading content on the iPhone.The button used to disable parallax has been changed from "Motion" to "Perspective Zoom," as well.Beta 4 arrived with fixes for the keyboard, contacts app, changes to the UI and other minor bugs. Beta 3 brought a darker FaceTime, Messages and Phone icons, a new Phone dialer, updated Repeat and Shuffle buttons, the option to disable parallax scrolling for wallpapers and a new Power Off UI. The phone calls screen features one of the most visible alterations in beta 3, including round green and red buttons at the bottom of the dialer and call-in-progress screens, Tech Crunch reports. The "Decline" call and "Accept" call buttons are now round buttons and the "Remind Me" and "Message" options are smaller, white icons. Another interesting makeover included in the update is with the "Slide to power off" button, which now dims when the slide button is moved to the right.
Apple's release of iOS 7.1 brings several new features, big and small, to the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Something everyone will notice: The software keyboard's Caps Lock key has undergone yet another cosmetic change. Its function is the same, but its new looks threw me for a loop this afternoon. Here's what you can expect when upgrading to iOS 7.1.As you can see, the older version of the key went from grey to dark grey. The new version goes from grey to white. I like the unity here. Now, both caps states are white. Previously, lower case and one-tap caps were the same light grey, and double-tap caps lock was dark grey. Now, lower case is grey and both caps and caps lock are white. Only the arrow icon changes.It's a good change overall but will take some getting used to. I spent the first few minutes thinking I had caps lock engaged when I saw the grey key, and the white keys only added to the confusion. But now I see it was a good choice. The two caps states are the same color, while lower case has its own look.

Hi ! Here are the latest Insider stories.

404 Error - Page Not FoundWe could not find the page you were looking for. Try searching for it:
This is a warning to all jailbreakers. Apple has patched the evasi0n7 jailbreak with the release of iOS 7.1.Please do not update if you wish to retain your jailbreak. You will not be able to downgrade back to to 7.0.6.More details about iOS 7.1 can be found in the release notes For a very limited time you can still upgrade to iOS 7.0.6 by manually selecting the firmware you wish to update to. If you haven't already updated to iOS 7.0.6 we suggest you try. Instructions can be found via the iClarified Jailbreak Wizard Please follow iClarified on Twitter Google+ , or RSS for updates.
How to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M...
One of the more entertaining trends at CES 2014 involved automakers and in-car apps. The auto companies appeared somewhat desperate in their attempts to make new mobile tech features seem relevant and necessary, as essential as the functions we've come to expect from our smartphones. NYSE:F ), for example, unveiled a pizza-delivery app , while Mercedes-Benz talked about taking NASDAQ:FB ) mobile. NYSE:GM ) announced that future cars would come LTE-equipped, and OTCMKTS:AUDVF ) demoed its very own tablet-based entertainment system. Each manufacturer wanted to show off its app store, even if apps themselves were in short supply.To call most of this redundant would be to state the obvious: One hundred and fifty million Americans now own smartphones, which they generally carry with them into the car. More importantly, embedding mobile technology into the car is a recipe for obsolescence. The average automobile on the road is 11 years old ; the average smartphone was bought in the last 12 months. So while your next car might seem pretty clever as you're driving it off the lot, rest assured that for the majority of its existence, it will be about as "smart" as that tattoo you got in college.The dearth of apps points to yet another problem. Car manufacturers have been reluctant to commit to a software platform -- much less a standard -- and developers appear to have returned the favor by not bothering to port their apps. For example, GM is pushing its own software platform called Connected by OnStar but has hedged its bets by signing onto both Open Automotive Alliance and the Linux-based GENIVI Alliance.Nobody knows what platform next year's models will be running, and that makes software development a risky investment. Perhaps this explains why, a year after releasing its software development kit, GM has only 10 apps to show for it.The whole idea of smartcars needs rethinking, and that's what makes NASDAQ:AAPL ) CarPlay so interesting. Known during development as "iOS in the Car," Apple did well to rename the product, since CarPlay pulls its functionality from the phone itself rather than loading the iPhone's operating system onto the dashboard. At the moment, this requires a wired connection, but OTCMKTS:VOLVY ) has said that a Wi-Fi option is in the works.There are some caveats. CarPlay will enter life as an app in your vehicle's existing operating system. How well it gets incorporated -- and the extent to which you can avoid your car manufacturer's default interface -- will vary. AnandTech and SlashGear see this as a trade-off , but it also constitutes an advantage. Automakers are more likely to adopt an app than they are a prepackaged operating system, and it's no coincidence that, at launch, Apple can already brag of an exhaustive list of CarPlay partners, including Ford, GM, NYSE:TM ),(ETR:BMW),(TY0:7201), and NYSE:HMC ).Mercedes has raised the possibility of adding this service to preexisting models as an aftermarket solution . If so, that's good news for software developers, who will need to do some work to make their iOS software CarPlay-compatible. In this case, they're immediately guaranteed a large and committed market, and it wouldn't be surprising (or difficult) to see Apple develop a quick lead in apps.From Cupertino's perspective, the best part about CarPlay may be that no one else is in a position to copy it. Google will have a hard time convincing carmakers to adopt Android wholesale. Too many of them see the dashboard as a piece of branding and a potential revenue stream. On the other hand, Google's operating system is so fragmented that it will take years to get something like CarPlay adopted (although this is probably Google's best option, given the limitations of cars and the car market).This is a situation where integration pays off. Being both a hardware and software company has hurt Apple in some ways -- closed products tend to guarantee you a minority market share -- but it also allows the company to offer tightly integrated solutions where no one else can. CarPlay is one such opportunity. Mobile payments may be another . Consumers give up variety when they buy into the iPhone's 4-inch, three-model universe, but Apple can reward that sacrifice by giving them more varied ways in which to use that iPhone.The difficulty for competitors is that, as pointless as it is to reinvent the smartphone, it would be even more futile to try and reinvent Apple. I suspect that CarPlay will be a big deal. In any event, it's nothing to laugh at.
Not FoundThe requested URL /story.xhtml\ was not found on this server.Apache/2.2.15 (CentOS) Server at www.toptechnews.com Port 80
"Some of Apple's newer launches, such as CarPlay, are interesting, but they are essentially just new applications for the existing iPhone. The same is true of 'wearables' such as the long-awaited Apple watch. These are initiatives that Apple should follow, of course, but none are going to make a huge impact on sales," said Charles Sizemore, chief investment advisor of investment advisor Sizemore Capital Management.Tough quarter ahead?Barclays says with no major product launches until the second-half, the June quarter could be a tough one for Apple."We believe the smartphone market could start to shift away from Apple in the very near term given new product launches from competitors and a lack of new products until the second half of 2014," the bank said.Apple is expected to unveil the iPhone 6 in the second half of this year, with features such as a larger screen, more durable glass and a faster processor.However, the incremental improvements to its products are unlikely to be enough to reenergize its customer base the same way the original iPhone did in 2007, the bank said. Additionally, the company's margins may come under pressure as it adds advanced new features to new iPhones at similar price point."It seems very hard for hardware vendors to sustain competitive advantages for any meaningful length of time," the bank said.(Read more: Will you be driving an iCar soon?)Since refreshing its iPhone and tablet lines in the second half of 2012, Apple has experienced a contraction in its market share for both - a continued worry for investors.Apple's smartphone market share, for example, stood at 18 percent in the fourth quarter of 2013, down from 21 percent a year earlier.Barclays downgraded its recommendation on Apple to neutral from overweight towards the end of February, with a 12-month price target of $570. Apple shares, which are currently trading at $530, are down 5.4 percent year-to-date - underperforming the Nasdaq Composite's 4.2 percent rise.
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017 Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017 My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 More testimonials
Alongside the release of iOS 7.1, Apple TV also received a software update today. Most notable among the changes? An easier method for hiding those channels that you don't watch. Before now, you had to take a trip to the Settings menu and hide each option from a list. After installing Apple TV version 6.1, pick a channel from the main menu and hold the Select button to make the icons dance. Once they start to jiggle, use the directional buttons to move around before hitting the Play/Pause button to hide that content source. This certainly isn't a major leap, but it's sure you save some time and extra navigating for tidying up that primary menu.
A new Apple TV software update was issued on Monday, giving users the ability to reduce the plethora of channels on the device's home screen if they so choose.Users could previously hide channels from the Apple TV home screen through the device's Settings application. But Apple TV Version 6.1 now allows this to be accomplished in a simpler fashion, direct from the home screen.After updating, users can hide icons by holding the select button, causing icons on the screen to jiggle. Once activated, users can press the play/pause button on their remote to bring up a menu that allows users to hide the icon.After a channel has been hidden, users can reactivate it through the Settings application.The new Apple TV update arrives alongside the new iOS 7.1 for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. That update added CarPlay support, various bug fixes, and improved Touch ID responsiveness with the iPhone 5s.Apple has been steadily adding new channels to the Apple TV set-top box over the last year, giving users a number of new ways to view streaming content on their television. Recent additions include the WWE Network TV4 , and Red Bull TV Apple recently revealed that its streaming set-top box, which the company has famously referred to as a "hobby," topped $1 billion in sales last year, making it the company's fastest growing hardware. Total sales are estimated to have grown by 80 percent in 2013, reaching around 10 million units for the calendar year.
Monday, March 10, 2014 at 10:26AMThe iTunes Festival, which is taking place in the US for the first time and will take place at SXSW in Austin, Texas from March 11-15, will be accessible through an iTunes Festival channel on Apple TV as well as through an iOS app. iTunes Festival is free to watch through these channels and will feature Kendrick Lamar, Pitbull, Coldplay, Imagine Dragons, Keith Urban and Willie Nelson and Soundgarden. Apple TV owners, can go check it out starting now.
Page Not Found - 404Sorry, but the page you were looking for is not here. This is usually the result of a bad or outdated link.Latest Articles:
Useragent BlockedYour user agent has been blocked from this site. It appears unusual / abusive traffic has been arriving using your user agent.Robots should follow all instructions including honoring robots.txt and properly following links.If you feel this is an error please contact shardin@aimmediaindiana.com for review

You are the owner of this article.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit


Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
We welcome your questions, comments and suggestions. Please complete the form below and a WOSU Public Media staff member will respond as soon as possible.First and Last Name *Email *Where should we direct your message? * -Please Select One- Website and Streaming Audio Issues Radio Reception Issues TV Reception Issues Membership Department WOSU Shop WOSU TV Programming Director 89.7 NPR News Programming Director Classical 101 Programming Director WOSU In The Classroom Corporate Underwriting / Advertising Media and Press General Manager Internship Information Production Services Event Space Rental Contact Broad & High Contact Columbus On The Record Next Avenue Cbus OtherMessageThis iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
ROCKFORD - Gas prices continue to go up.GasBuddy.com reports a modest increase of 1.4 cents per gallon in the past week, making the new average $3.64/g. Nationwide, it spiked 3.4 cents. But, the national average is only $3.47/g.Analysts blame the refinery maintenance season for the increase."There tend to be glitches and issues restarting these plants" says Senior Petroleum Analyst Patrick DeHaan. "As refineries get back online, the volatility will, and prices will slow their climb, but all of that light at the end of the tunnel remains several weeks away."In the past month alone, gas prices in the area on average have increased one cent per day.

Useragent BlockedYour user agent has been blocked from this site. It appears unusual / abusive traffic has been arriving using your user agent.Robots should follow all instructions including honoring robots.txt and properly following links.If you feel this is an error please contact shardin@aimmediaindiana.com for review
This page is missing or has been movedWe have recently upgraded YakimaHerald.com. In the process, some pages have been deleted or moved.Please try some of the links below to help you find what you are looking for or report the error below and we will be glad to assist you.Thank you for your patience while we work to bring you the best news website in Washington.Helpful LinksIf you still cannot find what you are looking for, please try our search page or report the error below.Please use the form below to report any errors or missing pages you encountered while using the new YakimaHerald.com
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Average retail gasoline prices in San Bernardino have risen 3.4 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $3.91/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 567 gas outlets in San Bernardino. This compares with the national average that has increased 3.4 cents per gallon in the last week to $3.47/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.comIncluding the change in gas prices in San Bernardino during the past week, prices yesterday were 25.8 cents per gallon lower than the same day one year ago and are 26.7 cents per gallon higher than a month ago. The national average has increased 18.5 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 19.1 cents per gallon lower than this day one year ago."Unsurprisingly, the surge in the national average has continued over the last week," said GasBuddy.com Senior Petroleum Analyst Patrick DeHaan. "As refinery maintenance season is now in its prime, and will be for several weeks, motorists could see additional volatility at the pump should issues or unexpected problems arise with this period of maintenance. There tend to be glitches and issues restarting these plants, and the progressive switchover to various blends of gasoline complicates matters further. Then, as refineries get back online, the volatility will ebb, and prices will slow their climb- but all of that light at the end of the tunnel remains several weeks away," DeHaan said.
Page not foundThe page does not appear to exist.If you are having trouble finding what you are looking for please visit our feedback page.Popular links on Vindy.com:Homepage | Today's news | Sports | Digital Edition | Tributes | VindyJobs
Ooops... Error 404Sorry, but the page you are looking for doesn't exist.You can go to the HOMEPAGE
Akron weekly gas update for March 10 Published: March 10, 2014 9:41 AMAkron, March 10- Average retail gasoline prices in Akron have fallen 1.4 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $3.53/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 372 gas outlets in Akron. This compares with the national average that has increased 3.4 cents per gallon in the last week to $3.47/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.Including the change in gas prices in Akron during the past week, prices yesterday were 4.4 cents per gallon lower than the same day one year ago and are 12.8 cents per gallon higher than a month ago. The national average has increased 18.5 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 19.1 cents per gallon lower than this day one year ago."Unsurprisingly, the surge in the national average has continued over the last week," said GasBuddy.com Senior Petroleum Analyst Patrick DeHaan. "As refinery maintenance season is now in its prime, and will be for several weeks, motorists could see additional volatility at the pump should issues or unexpected problems arise with this period of maintenance. There tend to be glitches and issues restarting these plants, and the progressive switchover to various blends of gasoline complicates matters further. Then, as refineries get back online, the volatility will ebb, and prices will slow their climb- but all of that light at the end of the tunnel remains several weeks away," DeHaan said.Rate this articleDo you want to leave a comment? Please Log In or Register to comment.
The streak of increases to the average price of a gallon of self-serve regular gasoline in San Diego County was extended Monday to 20 days but barely, as it rose two-tenths of a cent to $3.957, the highest amount since Sept. 26.The average price has risen 33 of the past 34 days and is 3.7 cents more than one week ago and 26.8 cents higher than one month ago but 25.6 cents less than one year ago, according to figures from the AAA and Oil Price Information Service.The average price has risen 33.8 cents over the past 34 days, including one-tenth of a cent on Saturday.To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.

U.S. drivers are paying nearly 10 cents more per gallon at the pump than they did two weeks ago, as worries about Ukraine contributed to a jump in the cost of ethanol used in making gasoline, according to a survey released on Sunday.The Lundberg survey said the national average price of self-serve, regular-grade gasoline was $3.5098 per gallon on March 7, up 9.87 cents from two weeks earlier, and up 21.54 cents, or 6.5 percent, in just the last four weeks.Diesel fuel prices also rose, increasing by 2.58 cents from two weeks earlier to an average $4.0323 per gallon.(Read more: Why US can export nat gas without raising prices)But U.S. consumers are paying about 23 cents less for a gallon of gasoline than a year ago, when it cost $3.7394.
CAMARILLO, CAThe average U.S. price of a gallon of gasoline has jumped ten cents over the past two weeks.The Lundberg Survey of fuel prices released Sunday says the price of a gallon of regular is $3.51. Midgrade costs an average of $3.69 a gallon, and premium is $3.84.Diesel was up three cents over the past two weeks at $4.03.Of the cities surveyed in the Lower 48 states, Los Angeles has the nation's highest average price for gas at $3.94. Jackson, Miss., has the lowest at $3.18.A gallon of regular gas in South Dakota is selling on average for $3.50.
U.S. drivers are paying nearly 10 cents more per gallon at the pump than they did two weeks ago, as worries about Ukraine contributed to a jump in the cost of ethanol used in making gasoline, according to a survey released on Sunday.The Lundberg survey said the national average price of self-serve, regular-grade gasoline was $3.5098 per gallon on March 7, up 9.87 cents from two weeks earlier, and up 21.54 cents, or 6.5 percent, in just the last four weeks.Diesel fuel prices also rose, increasing by 2.58 cents from two weeks earlier to an average $4.0323 per gallon.But U.S. consumers are paying about 23 cents less for a gallon of gasoline than a year ago, when it cost $3.7394.The Lundberg survey of about 2,500 gas stations comes out every second or third week.Trilby Lundberg, who conducts the survey, said recent increases in ethanol prices affected pump prices because ethanol is blended into gasoline.She said the uncertainty over Ukraine's future also factors into this because "Ukraine is a major corn exporter and nearly all ethanol in the United States is made from corn."Also contributing to higher gas prices were improved profit margins for retailers and refiners, she said.Prices may rise "a few more pennies" in the near term, she said, but unless crude oil prices surge or the Ukraine situation worsens significantly, they likely will not head much higher before April or May, when more-costly summer-blend gasoline enters the market ahead of the peak driving season.She also said this weekend's start of daylight saving time in the United States and Canada could increase demand, and as a result, prices for gas because it gives people an extra hour after work to use their cars and trucks for errands.Brent crude prices closed Friday at $109.00 a barrel, while U.S. crude futures settled at $102.58.According to the Lundberg survey, the lowest average price for a gallon of unleaded gas in the 48 contiguous U.S. states is $3.18 in Jackson, Mississippi, and the highest price is $3.94 in Los Angeles.The survey is done in Camarillo, California.


Washington: America's spy agencies are so focused on "mass surveillance" that they have missed clues about terrorist incidents, such as last year's Boston Marathon bombing and an attempted attack on an aircraft at Christmas in 2009, former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden says.In an hour-long video discussion on Monday hosted by the South by Southwest music, film and technology conference in Austin, Texas, Mr Snowden, who is living in asylum at an undisclosed location in Russia, asserted that the US National Security Agency's efforts to collect information in bulk have backfired."We've actually had a tremendous intelligence failure because ... we're monitoring everybody's communications instead of suspects' communications" - a situation, he asserts, that has "caused us to miss" intelligence.Mr Snowden, who faces criminal espionage charges for disclosing top-secret documents to journalists, has prompted a global debate about surveillance and forced the US government to be more transparent about once-classified programs.SHAREShare on Facebook SHAREShare on Twitter TWEETLink "We've actually had a tremendous intelligence failure because ... we're monitoring everybody's communications instead of suspects' communications": Edward Snowden. Photo: ReutersHis actions have drawn harsh criticism from senior US officials, who contend that the leaks have put national security at risk, but approval from technologists and privacy advocates, who say the leaks have forced technology companies to make their systems more secure."Let me be clear about one thing," said American Civil Liberties Union principal technologist Christopher Soghoian, one of two ACLU representatives who took part in the discussion with Mr Snowden: "His disclosures have improved internet security."AdvertisementMr Snowden, who was using a Google videoconferencing program that ran through seven proxy servers to mask his location, used much of his talk to urge companies and technologists to develop and adopt easier-to-use encryption. "It has to happen seamlessly," he said.If "you encrypt your hardware and your network", Mr Snowden said, "it becomes very difficult for any mass surveillance ... You'll still be vulnerable to targeted surveillance. If there's a warrant for you, the NSA will still get you."SHAREShare on Facebook SHAREShare on Twitter TWEETLink Edward Snowden on screen at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas. Photo: BloombergEncryption, he said, enabled him to protect the information he took from the NSA, where he worked until last year. US officials "still have no idea of what documents were provided to journalists, what they have and don't have", he said, "because encryption works".He also said that neither the Chinese nor the Russian governments possess any of the information he took.The intelligence failures Mr Snowden alleged are not clear-cut. The Christmas 2009 bomb attempt involved a failure to connect and understand the information agencies possessed. In the Boston case, the FBI followed up on a tip from Russian authorities about a suspect but found insufficient grounds to open a criminal investigation.General Keith Alexander, the outgoing director of the NSA, has vigorously defended the agency's activities. "The press has articulated them as the villains, when what they're doing is protecting this country and doing what we have asked them to do," he told US Congress last month. "And if they've made a mistake, we find out.''During the videoconference, an image of the US constitution provided a background for Mr Snowden. The session was conducted by ACLU lawyer Ben Wizner, Mr Snowden's legal adviser.Asked by Mr Wizner whether the price he has paid for his disclosures has been worth it, Mr Snowden said: "Regardless of what's happening to me, this is something we have a right to know. I took an oath to support the constitution, and I felt the constitution was violated on a massive scale. The interpretation of the constitution has been changed in secret from 'no unreasonable search and seizure' to: 'Hey, any seizure is fine. Just don't search it.' That's something the public ought to know about."Washington Post
Become a WA Today member todayJoin today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.
Former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden spoke at this year's SXSW via live video from Russia, saying that he will 'absolutely' do it again when asked about the NSA leak. VPC
In a rare live interview, NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden echoed an encryption call to arms.Channeled in to Austin's SXSW via Google Hangouts, Snowden said encryption should be easily accessible to the everyday person, not just technologists, to ensure protection from government spying.He said that the view of encryption as an "arcane dark art" needs to change, and that technology companies should have encryption built into their services as a way to protect the people who use them."Encryption does work," Snowden declared, noting that while services like Tor are effective, they aren't typically used by most people.Positioned in front of a green screen showing Article One of the US Constitution, Snowden also called for "a watchdog that watches Congress," one that could call out when officials lie to the public, as the former government contractor alleges has happened repeatedly.Encrypt thisInterestingly, Snowden said companies like Google and Facebook can continue to make ad revenue with data they collect from user emails and messages while still protecting users from government eyes."[They can] get advertising money but can give people the security they want," he said, noting it's a matter of doing it responsibly.Snowden said earlier in the session that the NSA is "setting fire to the future of the internet," and that it's up to the technology community to put out the flames before it's too late.Asked if blowing the lid off bulk data collection and other spying programs was worth the consequences he now faces, Snowden had his to say:"Would I do this again? The answer is absolutely yes. I took an oath to defend and support the Constitution, and I felt the Constitution was violated on a massive scale."You can watch Snowden's interview at SXSW below:
NSA leaker Edward Snowden says he has no regrets about leaking documents regarding the U.S. government's secret surveillance efforts against some Americans.Snowden was making a rare appearance via teleconference at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin, Texas.He told members of the tech conference audience that they should begin work on helping him "fix" the government's surveillance efforts against its own citizens.Snowden gave his remarks from Russia, where he remains on the lam from U.S. law enforcement agents.
Snowden: Proposed NSA reforms vindicate data leaksFormer security contractor Edward Snowden, addressing a sympathetic crowd at a tech-heavy event in Austin, Texas, on Monday from a secret location in Russia, said proposed reforms at the National Security Agency (NSA) show that he was vindicated in leaking classified material.Snowden, who faces arrest if he steps foot on US soil, spoke via a video link to a packed house at the annual South by Southwest (SXSW) gathering of tech industry experts, filmmakers and musicians. He said the US government still has no idea what material he has provided to journalists."I saw that the Constitution was violated on a massive scale," Snowden said to applause, adding that his revelations of government spying on private communications have resulted in protections that have benefited the public and global society.NSA officials declined to comment on the Snowden remarks.Last year, Snowden, who had been working at a NSA facility as an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton, leaked a raft of secret documents that revealed a vast US government system for monitoring phone and Internet data.The leaks deeply embarrassed the Obama administration, which in January banned US eavesdropping on the leaders of friendly countries and allies and began reining in the sweeping collection of Americans' phone data in a series of limited reforms triggered by Snowden's revelations.Major companies also tightened up safeguards. But Snowden said the efforts are still not enough to protect privacy properly, calling for stepped-up encryption that would make mass government surveillance too costly to conduct."The government has gone and changed their talking points. They have changed their verbiage away from public interest to national interest," he said, adding that this poses the risk of losing control of representative democracy.He said the government's priority has been an expansive and ill-executed system of massive information collection instead of protecting the vast amounts of intellectual property that support the US economy."We've got the most to lose from being hacked," Snowden said.US Representative Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas, wrote to SXSW organizers, calling on them to withdraw the invitation to Snowden, who he said deceived his employer and his country."Rewarding Mr Snowden's behaviour in this way encourages the very lawlessness he exhibited," Pompeo wrote.To many in government and at the NSA, Snowden is a traitor who compromised the security of the United States. But for many at the conference he is a hero who protected privacy and civil liberties."To me, Snowden is a patriot who believed that what he did was in the best interests of his country," said Roeland Stekelenburg, creative director at the Dutch Internet firm Infostrada.Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then to Russia, where he currently has asylum. The White House wants him returned to the United States for prosecution.
Become a Brisbane Times member todayJoin today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.
Encryption technologies can be a powerful tool against government surveillance, but the most effective techniques are still largely out of reach to the average Internet user, Edward Snowden said Monday."Encryption does work," Snowden said, speaking via satellite video from Russia at the South by Southwest Interactive technology festival in Austin, Texas. "We need to think of encryption not as an arcane black art, but as a basic protection in the digital realm," the former U.S. National Security Agency contractor said.Snowden chose to speak at SXSW rather than before a legislative or policy group because it's the technology community that can really fix security and digital rights, he said. "This is something we should not only implement, but actively research and improve on an academic level," he said.But now, the best encryption, like end-to-end encryption, often does not find its way into mainstream product and is not always employed by major Internet companies that depend on advertising.Ideally, more companies would make strong encryption a default part of their services, without requiring action from the consumer, or burying the option several menus deep. It may be difficult, however, for companies like Google and Facebook to adopt the strongest encryption protocols like end-to-end encryption, Snowden said during a discussion about security with two representatives from the American Civil Liberties Union. Those companies gather lots of data about their users and use it for advertising. It's harder to gather that data when the endpoints are encrypted, the speakers said.Since the disclosures began last June from documents leaked to reporters by Snowden, "companies have improved their security," said Chris Soghoian, a senior policy analyst with the ACLU Speech, Privacy and Technology Project. There is security, for instance, between user's computers and Google's servers, he said.But it's difficult for major Internet companies providing a free service to offer end-to-end encryption because it conflicts with their business model, he said. And. unfortunately, the tools that offer secure, end-to-end online communications are not polished or easy to use, speakers said. "The tools designed with security as a first goal are often developed by independent developers, activists and hobbyists," he said.After previously classified documents were leaked by Snowden, a number of large technology companies, including Google, Microsoft and Yahoo announced new protocols for encrypting users' data. But the problem is that one of the most commonly used encryption technologies, known as TLS (Transport Layer Security) is not all that strong against the intelligence gathering community, Snowden said.TSL encryption, which is used by services owned by Google and Skype, encrypts communications at the point of transport and then the companies de-crypt and re-encrypt it, Snowden said. End-to-end encryption, on the other hand, forces intelligence-gathering groups to target individual computers, which are much harder to crack."I think that's the way to do it," Snowden said, speaking on the value of end-to-end encryption.Some of the most advanced encryption technologies are difficult to use and they're not always free. Still, Snowden identified several steps Internet users can take to protect their data from surveillance. There's disk encryption, which protects data stored on hardware; there are browser security plug-ins like NoScript; and apps like Ghostery for Web cookie tracking, Snowden said. He also recommended Tor, which is designed to conceal online activity by routing Internet traffic through a networked relay system.If people take those steps to encrypt their hardware and network communications, their online data would be better protected from massive government surveillance. But targeted surveillance is still harder to evade.Snowden did not say that companies like Google and Facebook should not collect any data about their users. Rather, companies should not store data for long periods of time."You can do these things in a responsible way where people can still get value of the services ... without putting users at risk," he said.The appropriate length of time that companies should retain user data was not, however, addressed during the talk.Zach Miners covers social networking, search and general technology news for IDG News Service. Follow Zach on Twitter at @zachminers. Zach's e-mail address is zach_miners@idg.com



NSA leaker Edward Snowden spoke via live video conference Monday to a packed audience at the South By Southwest Interactive Festival.The former NSA contractor, who remains in Moscow living in temporary asylum, faces felony charges in the US after revealing the agency's mass surveillance program by leaking thousands of classified documents to media outlets.Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union, spoke to Snowden from the Austin event along with Snowden's legal adviser, the ACLU's Ben Wizner.The hour-long conversation was extensive and Snowden touched on a number of issues. He dispensed advice on how US citizens can keep their web-surfing activities more private by using a free service called Tor, which encrypts web traffic. He also called on the technology industry to create more software and services that help guard individual privacy.Snowden appeared to have no regrets about exposing the US government's surveillance methods."I took an oath to support the constitution, and I felt the constitution was violated on a massive scale," he told the audience.The ACLU offered a live blog of Snowden's talk on its website and the Texas Tribune's website hosted a live video stream.Fugitive WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange spoke at the SXSW conference in a similar manner on Saturday. Assange is living in asylum at the Ecuadorean embassy in London.APsource: newshub archive
HollywoodAnne Hathaway has ventured back into independent cinema to star in one of the quirkiest films of the year, "Colossal", which she refuses to...
By Jon HerskovitzAUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former security contractor Edward Snowden, addressing a sympathetic crowd at a tech-heavy event in Austin, Texas, on Monday from a secret location in Russia, said proposed reforms at the National Security Agency show that he was vindicated in leaking classified material.Snowden, who faces arrest if he steps foot on U.S. soil, spoke via a video link to a packed house at the annual South by Southwest (SXSW) gathering of tech industry experts, filmmakers and musicians. He said the U.S. government still has no idea what material he has provided to journalists."I saw that the Constitution was violated on a massive scale," Snowden said to applause, adding that his revelations of government spying on private communications have resulted in protections that have benefited the public and global society.NSA officials declined to comment on the Snowden remarks.Last year, Snowden, who had been working at a NSA facility as an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton, leaked a raft of secret documents that revealed a vast U.S. government system for monitoring phone and Internet data.The leaks deeply embarrassed the Obama administration, which in January banned U.S. eavesdropping on the leaders of friendly countries and allies and began reining in the sweeping collection of Americans' phone data in a series of limited reforms triggered by Snowden's revelations.Major companies also tightened up safeguards. But Snowden said the efforts are still not enough to protect privacy properly, calling for stepped-up encryption that would make mass government surveillance too costly to conduct."The government has gone and changed their talking points. They have changed their verbiage away from public interest to national interest," he said, adding that this poses the risk of losing control of representative democracy.He said the government's priority has been an expansive and ill-executed system of massive information collection instead of protecting the vast amounts of intellectual property that support the U.S. economy."We've got the most to lose from being hacked," Snowden said.U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas, wrote to SXSW organizers, calling on them to withdraw the invitation to Snowden, who he said deceived his employer and his country."Rewarding Mr. Snowden's behavior in this way encourages the very lawlessness he exhibited," Pompeo wrote.To many in government and at the NSA, Snowden is a traitor who compromised the security of the United States. But for many at the conference he is a hero who protected privacy and civil liberties."To me, Snowden is a patriot who believed that what he did was in the best interests of his country," said Roeland Stekelenburg, creative director at the Dutch Internet firm Infostrada.Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then to Russia, where he currently has asylum. The White House wants him returned to the United States for prosecution.(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Leslie Adler)
You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.
Edward Snowden made an appearance at SXSW in Austin on Monday morning - from Russia via seven proxies, that is.The former NSA contractor was the most talked-about guest at the Texas tech conference today, where he spoke via Google Hangouts to thousands of attendees.Snowden has no regrets about revealing NSA secrets to journalists last year before fleeing to Hong Kong and later, Russia, where he currently resides. "Would I do this again? Absolutely yes," he told moderator Ben Wizner. "Regardless of what happens to me, this is something we had a right to know."Snowden had strong words for the NSA, which he accused of "setting fire to the future of the Internet." He appealed to the assembled tech community to build something that will help slow or even defeat mass surveillance. "The people who are in this room right now, you guys are all the fire fighters and we need you to help us fix this," he said.The crowd was largely sympathetic to Snowden and he did not face any questions from those who believe he was in the wrong - like Rep. Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican who asked SXSW organizers to cancel the Snowden event.Watch for yourself in the video below and check out The 10 Most Disturbing Snowden Revelations and all the news from SXSW.
Edward Snowden has made a rare video appearance at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin, Texas, condemning mass government surveillance and urging members of the tech-savvy audience to take action against it.Speaking from Russia, where he was granted asylum, the former intelligence contractor said proposed reforms at the US National Security Agency (NSA) show he was vindicated in leaking classified material.He said he had no regrets about leaking classified information. Asked if he would leak secret government information again, he replied: "absolutely, yes".Internet firefightersSnowden said the US government's mass surveillance failed to catch the Boston Marathon bombers and warned that governments have created an adversarial climate on the internet."They're setting fire to the global internet, and you guys in the room are the global firefighters," Snowden said.Advertisement&amp;nbsp;He appeared against a backdrop of the US Constitution with "We the people" written in large letters. The video feed was broadcast on a large screen before several thousand credentialed festival attendees in two conference halls and streamed live online.SHAREShare on Facebook SHAREShare on Twitter TWEETLink "The Constitution was violated on a massive scale": Edward Snowden. Photo: Getty Images"I saw that the Constitution was violated on a massive scale," Snowden said to applause, adding that his revelations of government spying on private communications have resulted in protections that have benefited the public and global society.Last year, Snowden, who had been working at an NSA facility as an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton, leaked a raft of secret documents that revealed a vast US government system for monitoring phone and internet data.The leaks deeply embarrassed the Obama administration, which in January banned US eavesdropping on the leaders of friendly countries and allies and began reining in the sweeping collection of Americans' phone data in a series of limited reforms triggered by Snowden's revelations.Major companies also tightened up safeguards, but Snowden said that is still not enough to protect privacy properly, calling for stepped-up encryption that would make mass government surveillance too costly to conduct."The government has gone and changed their talking points. They have changed their verbiage away from public interest to national interest," he said, adding that this poses the risk of losing control of representative democracy.He said the government's priority has been an expansive and ill-executed system of massive information collection instead of protecting the vast amounts of intellectual property that supports the US economy."We've got the most to lose from being hacked," he said.Tech industrySnowden also called on the technology industry to become serious about protecting the privacy of its customers.He said the early technology adopters and entrepreneurs who travel to Austin every year for the event are "the folks who can fix this and enforce our rights".On stage while Snowden spoke were Christopher Soghoian, the principal technologist of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), and Ben Wizner, director of the ACLU's Speech, Privacy and Technology Project and Snowden's legal adviser. All three men said that they wanted to raise a call to arms to developers and activists to build better tools to protect the privacy of technology users.Snowden said even the companies whose business models rely on collecting data about their users "can still do this in a responsible way"."It's not that you shouldn't collect the data," he said. "But you should only collect the data and hold it as long as necessary."Ultimately, the tech industry can help fix the problem, Soghoian said."Most regular people are not going to download some obscure security app," he said. "They're going to use the tools they already have," which include Google, Facebook and Skype.The technology community should pressure those companies to introduce security measures that are stronger and easier to use, Soghoian said.Government accountabilitySnowden took questions from moderators and those relayed from spectators around the world through tweets using the hashtag #asksnowden.The first question came from Sir Tim Berners-Lee, a British scientist known as the inventor of the World Wide Web, who asked Snowden how he would create an accountability system for governance."We have an oversight model that could work. The problem is when the overseers are not interested in oversight," Snowden said. "The key factor is accountability.""We need public advocates, public representatives, public oversight," he said, including "a watchdog that watches Congress."He believed the lack of accountability will have international consequences."If we allow the NSA to continue unrestrained, every other government will accept that as a green light to do the same," he said.Soghoian praised Snowden for leaking evidence of government surveillance of private communications and holding the companies who were complicit accountable."We have Ed to thank for that," he said, to loud applause.Whistleblower or criminal?Wizner noted during Snowden's appearance that Republican politician Mike Pompeo wrote to organisers beforehand urging them to cancel the event, saying "the ACLU would surely concede that freedom of expression for Mr Snowden has declined since he left American soil.""If there's one person for whom that is not true, it's Ed Snowden," Wizner said.Facing US felony charges of espionage and theft of government property, Snowden has kept a low profile of late and has said he won't return until the United States changes its whistleblower-protection laws.US Attorney General Eric H. Holder has taken a strong stand against granting amnesty to Snowden, saying he caused harm to national security and should be held accountable for his actions. Holder has described him as a defendant, not a whistleblower.Barton Gellman, a Washington Post reporter who has worked with Snowden, released a video of his own ahead of Snowden's appearance. He said Snowden wanted to speak with "the people who are building and creating the next generation of the internet" because "technologists" are "a group he wants to influence"."He's looking for places where there can be reform" to "practices that he regards as overbroad and overly-intrusive", Gellman said.The annual South by Southwest Festival, or SXSW, draw tens of thousands of people to Austin, with privacy and government surveillance a focus for the tech crowd's five-day gathering this year.On Saturday, the festival hosted an hour-long video feed discussions with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who helped Snowden publish stolen NSA documents.Speaking over Skype from the Ecuadorian embassy in London, Assange hinted at forthcoming leaks and blasted the Obama administration for not taking Snowden's revelations more seriously.Festival organisers added in a statement: "SXSW agrees that a healthy debate with regards to the limits of surveillance is vital to the future of the online ecosystem."Los Angeles Times, New York Times, ReutersFollow IT Pro on Twitter
WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOSStay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor.
Snowden: NSA setting fire to the internetRelevant offersEdward Snowden has made a rare video appearance at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin, Texas, condemning mass government surveillance and urging members of the tech-savvy audience to take action against it.Speaking from Russia, where he was granted asylum, the former intelligence contractor said proposed reforms at the US National Security Agency (NSA) show he was vindicated in leaking classified material.He said he had no regrets about leaking classified information. Asked if he would leak secret government information again, he replied: "absolutely, yes".INTERNET FIREFIGHTERSSnowden said the US government's mass surveillance failed to catch the Boston Marathon bombers and warned that governments have created an adversarial climate on the internet."They're setting fire to the global internet, and you guys in the room are the global firefighters," Snowden said.He appeared against a backdrop of the US Constitution with "We the people" written in large letters. The video feed was broadcast on a large screen before several thousand credentialed festival attendees in two conference halls and streamed live online."I saw that the Constitution was violated on a massive scale," Snowden said to applause, adding that his revelations of government spying on private communications have resulted in protections that have benefited the public and global society.Last year, Snowden, who had been working at an NSA facility as an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton, leaked a raft of secret documents that revealed a vast US government system for monitoring phone and internet data.The leaks deeply embarrassed the Obama administration, which in January banned US eavesdropping on the leaders of friendly countries and allies and began reining in the sweeping collection of Americans' phone data in a series of limited reforms triggered by Snowden's revelations.Major companies also tightened up safeguards, but Snowden said that is still not enough to protect privacy properly, calling for stepped-up encryption that would make mass government surveillance too costly to conduct."The government has gone and changed their talking points. They have changed their verbiage away from public interest to national interest," he said, adding that this poses the risk of losing control of representative democracy.He said the government's priority has been an expansive and ill-executed system of massive information collection instead of protecting the vast amounts of intellectual property that supports the US economy."We've got the most to lose from being hacked," he said.TECH INDUSTRYSnowden also called on the technology industry to become serious about protecting the privacy of its customers.He said the early technology adopters and entrepreneurs who travel to Austin every year for the event are "the folks who can fix this and enforce our rights".On stage while Snowden spoke were Christopher Soghoian, the principal technologist of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), and Ben Wizner, director of the ACLU's Speech, Privacy and Technology Project and Snowden's legal adviser. All three men said that they wanted to raise a call to arms to developers and activists to build better tools to protect the privacy of technology users.Snowden said even the companies whose business models rely on collecting data about their users "can still do this in a responsible way"."It's not that you shouldn't collect the data," he said. "But you should only collect the data and hold it as long as necessary."Ultimately, the tech industry can help fix the problem, Soghoian said."Most regular people are not going to download some obscure security app," he said. "They're going to use the tools they already have," which include Google, Facebook and Skype.The technology community should pressure those companies to introduce security measures that are stronger and easier to use, Soghoian said.GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITYSnowden took questions from moderators and those relayed from spectators around the world through tweets using the hashtag #asksnowden.The first question came from Sir Tim Berners-Lee, a British scientist known as the inventor of the World Wide Web, who asked Snowden how he would create an accountability system for governance."We have an oversight model that could work. The problem is when the overseers are not interested in oversight," Snowden said. "The key factor is accountability.""We need public advocates, public representatives, public oversight," he said, including "a watchdog that watches Congress."He believed the lack of accountability will have international consequences."If we allow the NSA to continue unrestrained, every other government will accept that as a green light to do the same," he said.Soghoian praised Snowden for leaking evidence of government surveillance of private communications and holding the companies who were complicit accountable."We have Ed to thank for that," he said, to loud applause.WHISTLEBLOWER OR CRIMIAL?Wizner noted during Snowden's appearance that Republican politician Mike Pompeo wrote to organisers beforehand urging them to cancel the event, saying "the ACLU would surely concede that freedom of expression for Mr Snowden has declined since he left American soil.""If there's one person for whom that is not true, it's Ed Snowden," Wizner said.Facing US felony charges of espionage and theft of government property, Snowden has kept a low profile of late and has said he won't return until the United States changes its whistleblower-protection laws.US Attorney General Eric H Holder has taken a strong stand against granting amnesty to Snowden, saying he caused harm to national security and should be held accountable for his actions. Holder has described him as a defendant, not a whistleblower.Barton Gellman, a Washington Post reporter who has worked with Snowden, released a video of his own ahead of Snowden's appearance. He said Snowden wanted to speak with "the people who are building and creating the next generation of the internet" because "technologists" are "a group he wants to influence"."He's looking for places where there can be reform" to "practices that he regards as overbroad and overly-intrusive", Gellman said.The annual South by Southwest Festival, or SXSW, draw tens of thousands of people to Austin, with privacy and government surveillance a focus for the tech crowd's five-day gathering this year.On Saturday, the festival hosted an hour-long video feed discussions with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who helped Snowden publish stolen NSA documents.Speaking over Skype from the Ecuadorian embassy in London, Assange hinted at forthcoming leaks and blasted the Obama administration for not taking Snowden's revelations more seriously."SXSW agrees that a healthy debate with regards to the limits of surveillance is vital to the future of the online ecosystem," festival organisers said in a statement.-AgenciesComments

HollywoodAnne Hathaway has ventured back into independent cinema to star in one of the quirkiest films of the year, "Colossal", which she refuses to...
Not FoundThe requested URL /2014/03/10/nsa-leaker-edward-snowden-speaks-sxsw/ was not found on this server.
It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search?Search for:
404Sorry, the page you requested was not found.Please check the URL for mistakes. You can also try using the site navigation or search tool to find your content.
Daniel Terdiman/CNETDaniel Terdiman/CNETAUSTIN, Texas -- And on Monday, Edward Snowden showed up.It was perhaps the most-anticipated South by Southwest Interactive talk since Mark Zuckerberg gave a keynote speech in 2008: Snowden appearing live, by teleconference, from Russia.And though today's talk lacked the fireworks that erupted during Zuckerberg's onstage interview with Sarah Lacy, there's little doubt that the 5,000 people in the room -- plus thousands more in two nearby overflow rooms and those watching a livestream online -- were hanging on Snowden's every word. Indeed, despite reports that Dunham's talk was more popular (as measured by lines to get in the room), Snowden drew a very full house of people eager to hear his wisdom on the NSA scandal he unleashed last year.Unlike most SXSW talks, Snowden's appearance was only announced last week. And in a bit of unfortunate timing familiar to any SXSW veteran, the talk -- with the American Civil Liberties Union's Ben Wizner and Chris Soghoian -- was scheduled directly against a keynote event from "Girls" creator Lena Dunham. That forced many people, myself included, to make an uncomfortable choice. But though I am a big Dunham fan, in the end, I couldn't justify not being part of one of Snowden's most public talks since he went into exile.Before anyone showed up onstage, I noticed that a number of people were shooting photographs at the front of the stage, despite no one standing there. Then I saw that there was a standard SXSW name card -- the kind every speaker gets -- for Snowden. Was this the most photographed name card in SXSW history? Hard to say, but almost certainly for someone who wasn't even in the building.Daniel Terdiman/CNETDaniel Terdiman/CNETOddly, though, given how much of a seismic shift in public perception -- and awareness -- of government surveillance and issues surrounding encryption and what can be done to restore public faith in our privacy and security -- the energy in the room was subdued.That continued, even when Wizner and Soghoian arrived. "There wasn't a lot of applause when we came onstage," Wizner joked. "I guess you're here to see someone else."When Snowden appeared onscreen a moment later, via Google Hangout, the applause was hearty, though not rapturous. And without further ado, the two speakers from the ACLU began asking questions.Speaking directly to an audience made up largely of people in the technology industry, Snowden said he had chosen to make this appearance largely because SXSW Interactive attendees are the "people who can fix and even enforce our rights." That went over well.As Snowden was talking, I began wondering if Dunham had said anything to her audience about being put up against the man who, more than anyone else in recent history, had changed the public conversation about privacy and security. Then I read a Business Insider story saying that more people were waiting in line to see Dunham than for Snowden. That story missed the fact that the doors were open well in advance to the hall with the Snowden talk, and Boing Boing editor Cory Doctorow and Washington Post reporter Barton Gellman were speaking inside on many of the same surveillance, technology, and privacy issues, essentially warming up the crowd for the main event. So far as I can tell, Dunham didn't address her competition.Still, there's little doubt that some of the urgency and immediacy I was expecting in the room were missing. When WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange spoke (also by teleconference) on Saturday, the dynamic was a bit more electric, it seemed to me. I wondered if it might have something to do with the fact that for Assange's entire talk, his face was onscreen, while Snowden almost seemed at times to be a third wheel to Wizner and Soghoian.Indeed, I was deeply struck by how often the conversation was more between the two from the ACLU and less from Snowden. Whether that was because of the vagaries of using Google Hangouts -- a very bad idea, if you ask me, given its poor quality -- or because they did have important things to say, it was unclear. And though others seemed unbothered by it, I found myself regretting that the format of this talk was not taking as much advantage as possible of the fact that SXSW had Snowden available for one single hour, and no more.At one point, for example, Wizner and Soghoian were talking about something and Snowden spoke up, saying, "If I could piggy-back on that," and I thought it was absurd that he, of all people, should have to piggy-back on anything during a session like this.Then again, thanks to a deep understanding of the issues at hand, Wizner and Soghoian were helping make the conversation extremely vital and relevant. I'm quite sure the two of them could have filled a large SXSW hall by themselves. Yet I couldn't stop wondering how many people were wishing for more Snowden.If they were, they were doing a good job keeping that feeling to themselves. Though there were several moments of spontaneous applause after Snowden said one thing or another, there were similar moments after Soghoian said something. Mostly, it felt like the audience was being respectful and quiet, more intent on listening than applauding.Afterwards, talking to several people about the session, I didn't hear any complaints about the format. People were clearly pleased to have been able to witness a bit of history, and having Wizner and Soghoian involved definitely helped move the discussion along. One attendee, Tanner Hearne, a director of technology from Fort Worth, Texas, said he thought the talk was "gold." He added, "It's great to have such current issues being really talked about in a constructive way."Interestingly, given my fairly innocuous questions about people's perceptions of the talk, several people I spoke with were nervous about having their name or their company associated with their comments about it. Two told me specifically that even with just their first name and their professions, they felt sure people would be able to identify them -- and clearly they worried that would not be good for them for one reason or another. This was not something I had encountered very often in the past at SXSW.During the talk, one of Snowden's main messages seemed to be that it is pointless to count on the government or technology companies to protect our privacy and security in the era of NSA surveillance programs. That point definitely resonated."It was a good choice by SXSW to have this kind of discussion," said James Maskell, an attendee who watched the Snowden talk. "I agree it's up to the people to come up with the new tools" to protect ourselves.
Dan DeLuca is an Inquirer pop music critic. But his "In the Mix" column in the Weekend section ventures further afield, into books, movies, TV, the Internet, graphic novels and anything you might call "popular culture."This morning, Edward Snowden appeared before a packed house at SXSW.He was asked if he was surprised at the extent of the reaction to his leaking NSA documents to journalists last June, and whether, considering that he's now living as a fugitive in Russia, if he has any regrets."Every society has benefited from the leaks," he argued. "The world is a more secure place. Would I do it again? Absolutely."I live tweeted the Snowden talk with ACLU affiliated privacy advocates Christopher Soghoian and Ben Wizner. You can read that backwards here. A full story will be up shortly.Previously: SXSW Film: Ukraine Is Not A Brothel Follow In The Mix on Twitter
NSA leaker Edward Snowden called for public oversight of U.S. intelligence programs during a web-streamed speech at SXSW Interactive, one of the most anticipated segments of the technology conference.Snowden, appearing remotely from Russia where he remains in exile, urged attendees to take more control over how the various intelligence agencies interact with citizens.The speech marked the first time Snowden has addressed U.S. citizens directly since going into exile."South by Southwest and the tech community, the people in the room in Austin, they're the folks who can fix this," Snowden said. "We need public oversight, some way for trusted public figures to advocate for us. We need a watchdog that watches Congress, because if we're not informed, we can't consent to these policies."When asked by an attendee if he had any regrets about his decision to leak classified NSA documents, Snowden replied that he would "absolutely" do it again."Regardless of what happens to me, this is something that we had the right to do," he said, a copy of the U.S. Constitution serving as his backdrop. "I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. And I saw the Constitution was being violated on a massive scale."While the speech drew generally positive responses from the crowd, it had been preceded by criticism and controversy, with Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.) urging the conference in an open letter to cancel the event, calling Snowden a traitor and common criminal.Snowden's speech was viewed by the 3,000 conference attendees filling the main auditorium at the Austin Convention Center. Two overflow rooms had been set up by the conference, with the speech also streamed live by the Texas Tribune.
Edward Snowden accused the NSA and its counterparts of "setting fire to the future of the Internet" during a videoconference discussion at South by Southwest in Texas on Monday, and he called on the tech community members in the audience to be "the firefighters."Snowden spoke remotely from Russia, where he received asylum when he fled the United States last year after leaking classified government surveillance documents to journalists including Glenn Greenwald.His 11 a.m. CT appearance at SXSW, a technology and music festival in Austin, Tex., were his most public comments since the leaks. The Texas Tribune livestreamed the Snowden event.Snowden, who appeared in front of a greenscreen displaying the U.S. Constitution, explained that he chose popular tech confab SXSW as the platform for his talk because "the tech community ... they're the folks who can really fix things, who can enforce our rights."Snowden characterized the NSA's surveillance program, as well as similar programs from governments around the globe, as "setting fire to the future of the Internet.""The people in this room are all the firefighters," Snowden said, addressing the SXSW audience. "We need you to help us fix this."Read more: http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/snowden-nsa-set-fire-internet-techies-are-firefighters-n48836
NSA whistleblower Ed Snowden gave his longest speech since his revelations last year, in a conversation at the South by Soutwest Interactive conference in Austin today. One of his key refrains was that citizens need encryption technology to make it too expensive to do bulk spying.AdvertisementAbove, you can see the full speech that Snowden gave, though the sound quality isn't terribly good. Hopefully we'll get a cleaned-up version later today.Encryption technologies protect your private data by converting all your files or communications into a code that can only be unlocked by using a personal key. As the ACLU's Chris Soghoian pointed out in his discussion with Snowden, encryption doesn't protect you if the NSA has targeted your emails or phone calls specifically. The agency can decrypt it, with a bit of effort. But decrypting every single piece of communication in the nation would be too costly. So encryption could prevent the mass spying that has become one of the most controversial political issues of the past year in the United States.AdvertisementOver on Ars Technica, Joe Mullin summed up one of the key points in Snowden's conversation with Soghoian:Good, user-friendly encryption technology will push us towards a "more constitutional" method of data-gathering, said Snowden. End-to-end encryption is a strategy to fight against "global passive surveillance," which collects everyone's data indiscriminately, then trusts the authorities to only do appropriate searches. With better encryption, "if law enforcement and intelligence agencies want to gather someone's communications, they have to target them specifically," he said while describing a world with better encryption. "They can't just go back in a time machine and say, 'what did they say back in 2008?'" Snowden encouraged "makers and developers," like those at the SXSW conference, to start building more tools to protect privacy. "They're setting fire to the future of the Internet," he said. "The people in this room, you guys are all the firefighters... We want secure services that aren't opt-in. If you have to go to a command line, people aren't going to use it. if you have to go three menus deep, people aren't going to use it. Soghoian emphasized that the goal isn't to actually stop intelligence agencies' work, which is impossible in any case. Instead, the goal is to raise the cost of the most abusive behavior. "If you are a target of the NSA, it's going to be game over no matter what," Soghoian said. "Encryption makes bulk surveillance too expensive. The goal isn't to blind the NSA. The goal is to make it so they can't spy on innocent people."The problem right now is that most encryption software is difficult for most people to use, so they just don't bother to protect the privacy of their conversations online. That's why security experts like those at last week's Trustycon conference are urging the industry to develop encryption tools that are as easy to use as email or Facebook.
Talk to a domain expert: 1-303-893-0552Hurry - once it's sold this opportunity will be gone!Besides being memorable, .com domains are unique: This is the one and only .com name of it's kind. Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts. To learn more about premium .com domain valuations, watch the video below:Turbocharge your Web site. Watch our video to learn how.Improves Your Web Presence Get noticed online with a great domain name 73% of all domains registered on the Web are .coms. The reason is simple: .com is the where most of Web traffic happens. Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO, name recognition, and providing your site with a sense of authority.Here's What Others Are Saying Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017I'm very pleased with HugeDomains service. Easy and fast process to be the owner of our desired domain. Good Job! - Jack - Thailand, TalentTouch.com, 3/1/2017 Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017Very satisfied with the service provided. - Gameration.com, GameRation.com, 2/27/2017 My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017My HugeDomains purchase was quick and simple. The domain name I purchased was priced very reasonably and I didn't have to spend any time negotiating as with some other company's that sell/broker domain names. Kudos to HugeDomains.com. - Mohammad P., GoneTripping.com, 2/27/2017 More testimonials
Sorry, the page you requested on wptv.com was not found.Please check the URL for mistakes. You can also try using the site navigation or search tool to find your content.Return to Home
Useragent BlockedYour user agent has been blocked from this site. It appears unusual / abusive traffic has been arriving using your user agent.Robots should follow all instructions including honoring robots.txt and properly following links.If you feel this is an error please contact shardin@aimmediaindiana.com for review
File photo: Edward Snowden, seen during a video interview with The Guardian. Glenn Greenwald/Laura Poitras /EPA/LANDOVEdward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who has leaked large amounts of classified information about the agency's electronic surveillance programs, is speaking to the South By Southwest Interactive forum this hour.Edward Snowden speaks at SXSW InteractiveSnowden, who is wanted for prosecution in the U.S., is speaking from Russia, where he's been given temporary asylum.Earlier today, NPR previewed his SXSW appearance.Update at 12:15 p.m. ET. The Constitution As A Backdrop:The background behind Snowden (presumably thanks to a "green screen" projection), is an image of the U.S. Constitution.Note: NPR is not a SXSW sponsor, but our friends on the Music Desk are webcasting music from there and some NPR staff are appearing on some SXSW panels.
George Zimmerman (Photo: WLTX)Wearing a bulletproof vest and living in hotels, George Zimmerman took time out from his armed life on the move to sign autographs over the weekend at an Orlando gun shop.Zimmerman told WOFL-TV that even inside a "secure" gun store among 200 supporters, he was still concerned about his safety in light of being acquitted in 2013 of murdering Trayvon Martin."I always stay cognizant of the fact that there are threats," he said Saturday at the Arms Room. "The concept of being able to pay them back for what they did for me and seeing my supporters face to face was something I just couldn't pass up.""I walk around armed; I walk around with a bulletproof vest," he added. "It's not so much for my safety as it is so much for those around me."He doesn't understand why many people are still angry at him."But I'm willing to talk to everyone and try and answer their concerns or questions, and (have) them realize there's no need to be angry," Zimmerman said.Because the U.S. Justice Department is investigating Trayvon's death, he wouldn't talk about the February 2012 killing of the teen, which he said was self-defense under Florida's "stand your ground" law. He also wouldn't discuss recent traffic stops, his pending divorce or domestic troubles with a former girlfriend with whom he last lived.Zimmerman did say he has no permanent home, shuttling from hotel to hotel, and has received treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder.Monday in Tallahassee, hundreds marched to the state Capitol to call for the repeal of the 2005 stand-your-ground law."It's a flawed law," said Al Sharpton, who was joined by the parents of Trayvon and Jordan Davis, another unarmed black 17-year-old shot dead by a white man. "Because you don't need an actual threat. All you've got to do is believe a threat and you can use deadly force."
Close Get email notifications on Mika Highsmith daily!Your notification has been saved.There was a problem saving your notification.Whenever Mika Highsmith posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.



Pardon Our Interruption...As you were browsing http://www.starpulse.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. There are a few reasons this might happen:You're a power user moving through this website with super-human speed.You've disabled JavaScript in your web browser.A third-party browser plugin, such as Ghostery or NoScript, is preventing JavaScript from running. Additional information is available in this support article.To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible.Ignore: Ignore: Ignore: Ignore:First Name Last Name E-mail City Request Unblock
Daenerys Targaryen, being a bad ass.A new, and quite possibly final, trailer for the upcoming fourth season of gruesome fantasy series Game of Thrones has arrived, and it's a doozy. Winter/darkness/the end of everything is coming. In April!Remember how we thought we would never recover from season three's Red Wedding? We're not alone. Sansa Stark is haunted by the brutal deaths of her mother and brother, and everybody around her wants revenge.Meanwhile the mother of dragons, Daenerys Targaryen, looks set to be more of a bad ass than ever, determined to answer injustice with justice and just generally ruling the world.AdvertisementStupid Joffrey stupidly swings about his stupid sword.Jon Snow's world has been turned upside down since he left it, and all the usual GoT things - power, lust, manipulation, wars, revenge, murdering, gore etc etc look set to return, and then some.We can't wait.
Things come to a head for Daenerys, Stannis and Jon Snow in the new look at the HBO hit.HBO has unveiled its third trailer for Game of Thrones season four -- and it's full of pithy lines from the show's major players.Among the gems:"Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are, or what you want, they can't know what you plan to do next." - Petyr"I will answer injustice with justice." - Daenerys"I will not become a page in someone else's history book." - StannisPHOTOS: 'Game of Thrones' Unleashes 15 Season 4 PhotosThere's also some self-doubt from Jon Snow -- who proclaims he's "done plenty wrong" -- and signs that things are getting even worse for Sansa (and we thought that wasn't possible). The crown jewel of the piece is a shot of Tywin sitting on the Iron Throne, looking quite regal.Game of Thrones season four debuts Sunday, April 6, at 9 p.m. on HBO.
A Game Of Thrones mixtape has been released online ahead of the start of the fourth season.Before the show's new series next month, HBO asked ten rappers to create a hip-hop compilation called Catch The Throne.The free album features Outkast's Big Boi, Wale and Common among other international stars.The release includes original songs inspired by themes of battles and power struggles from the previous series.Catch The Throne, which spans the storylines of seasons one to three, can be streamed for free on Soundcloud.The storyline of the programme is adapted from George RR Martin's novels, A Song of Ice and Fire.Season four will cover the second half of A Storm of Swords, the third volume in the book series.This week it was announced that Tyrion Lannister, who is played by Peter Dinklage, had topped a poll of the UK's favourite Game Of Thrones characters.Daenerys Targaryen and Jon Snow were second and third in the survey.The tracklisting for Catch The Throne is as follows:1. Big Boi - Mother of Dragons2. Magazeen - Iron Throne3. Bodega Bamz - Win or Die4. Kilo Kish - Magical Reality5. Daddy Yankee - Born to Rule6. Dominik Omega - Arya's Prayer7. Snow - Fire8. Dee Goodz - The Parallel9. Common - Interlude/The Ladder10. Wale - King SlayerHBO airs the season premiere of Game of Thrones on Sunday, 6 April in the US and it airs on Sky Atlantic a day later in the UK.Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter
Just call us Jon Snow, because we know nothing.The third trailer for Game of Thrones' fourth season dropped Sunday, and, sadly, we're still in the dark about what's in store.This preview does give us more time with Daenerys Targaryen and her very-grown-up dragons as she battles "injustice." We also get a glimpse of a conversation between Cersei Lannister and Oberyn Martell."What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?" Cersei questions.Lena Headey, who plays Cersei, did reveal to Vulture that the reunion between her and her brother/lover Jaime Lannister will be a particularly gripping moment this season.
NEW YORK, March 10 (UPI) -- HBO has released a new trailer for the upcoming fourth season of Game of Thrones.The trailer features a distraught Sansa Stark (Sophia Turner) in King's Landing with Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage), a troubled Jon Snow (Kit Harington) still in the company of Ygritte (Rose Leslie) and the wildlings, and Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) on the warpath accompanied by her dragons.The fourth season is roughly based on the second half of the novel A Storm of Swords in George R.R. Martin fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire, and will pick up where the third season left off. The trailer reveals that themes of revenge and justice will dominate this season's plot lines.Game of Thrones season four will premiere on Sunday, April 6 at 9 p.m. EDT.
HBO has released the third trailer for its upcoming fourth season of "Game of Thrones."The trailer begins with Sansa Stark talking about the death of mother and brother at the Red Wedding; Cersei Lannister talks about how power doesn't protect the ones she cares for, while Jon Snow struggles with all that has changed since he left Winterfell."In the wake of the Red Wedding, how does the North pick up the pieces and with their greatest enemy seemingly crushed, where does that leave the Lannisters," HBO official synopsis reads. "Daenerys Targaryen now has an army but is she ready to take back her homeland. Does Jon Snow turn south to seek revenge or remember his duty along the Wall?""Game of Thrones" season for will premiere on April 6.In other "Game of Thrones" news, ComicBookMovie.com might have gotten their hands on the first four episode descriptions from season four. Check out what might happen in the series below.[WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD]1. Season 4, Episode 1: Two Swords."In the books, the Lannisters add one final insult to the late Ned Stark when they melt down his sword 'Ice' and forge two new ones for Jamie and Joffrey. It's likely this ep. focuses on the very different man Jamie has become, especially in contrast to his psychotic nephew son."2. Season 4, Episode 2: The Lion and the Rose."The lion is the symbol of house Lannister, the rose house Tyrell - so we can assume this is the episode in which Joffrey and Margery tie the knot. Their nuptials have been dubbed 'he purple wedding' by fans, but you'll have to watch events unfold to find out why! "3. Season 4, Episode 3: Breaker of Chains."'Breaker Of Chains' is yet another moniker for Daenerys Targaryen, so we can assume this ep will be focused on her. What she'll be doing is debatable, as Dany and her pals are some of the characters that most liberties seem to have been taken with in season 4, due to the fact that they're actually not featured that much in the books at this point."4. Season 4, Episode 4: Oathkeeper."Back to those swords again. Joffrey names his 'Widow Maker'...while Jamie names his, you guessed it, 'Oathkeeper'. In the books he actually gives the sword to Brienne and instructs her to keep her word to Caitlen Stark by seeking out and protecting her remaining children."
It's less than a month now before Game Of Thrones returns to our screens, with the premiere of season 4 earmarked for April 6th on HBO, and the day after in the UK on Sky Atlantic.HBO has been careful and deliberate with its teaser trailers, but it's accelerating its promotion right around now, and here's the third trailer for Game Of Thrones season 4. Inevitably, there are spoilers if you're not fully up-to-date with your Game Of Thrones viewing. But you probably guessed that...Here's the new Game of Thrones trailer.Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all news updates related to the world of geek. And Google+, if that's your thing!
As HBO continues to ramp up the hype for the upcoming season of Game of Thrones , they've released a third teaser trailer for season four, called "Secrets."As we saw in the series' two previous trailers ( here and here ) political tensions are rising in Westeros and the events of the Red Wedding are weighing heavily on several characters' minds. Many of the characters can also be seen questioning their positions. Note Cersei Lannister asking new character Oberyn Martell, "what good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?" What good, indeed.April 6th can't come soon enough for GoT fans.
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policy to find out more.Accept
Welcome to SwanseaOnline - your home for the best news, sports and what's on coverage from Swansea. You can follow us on Facebook and Twitter too.Looking for a different part of South West Wales?- Carmarthen news - Llanelli news - Neath news - Port Talbot news - All other areas - Swansea City news - Ospreys news

Ooops... Error 404Sorry, but the page you are looking for doesn't exist.You can go to the HOMEPAGE
We're sorry, but we can't find the page you were looking for. It's probably some thing we've done wrong but now we know about it and we'll try to fix it.
HBO commissioned ten hip-hop artists to write Westeros-inspired raps to promote the upcoming fourth season of the hit fantasy series.If you're counting down the days for the next season of Game of Thrones to start, HBO has a little something that might tide you over until then. Catch The Throne: The Mixtape was released by the network earlier today over SoundCloud, and features ten tracks by rap artists including Common, Big Boi and Wale.The album can be streamed from SoundCloud for free, for those curious what the war for the Iron Throne sounds like when translated into rhymes and beats. You can hear the first track up top, and the rest here.Most of the tracks start out with dialogue samples from the show, and if nothing else it makes you realize that many of the characters of Westeros wouldn't be too out of place in modern rap albums. After all, nobody defines big pimping like Tyrion Lannister.Source: The Verge
Lindsay Lohan wants to live ''with integrity''.The troubled actress - who has endured a string of legal problems in recent years and been to rehab six times - is determined to make a fresh start and wants to put her problems behind her.Speaking on her new docu-series 'Lindsay', which debuted in the US last night (09.03.14), she said: ''Living with integrity and in control of my own self - that's the life I want now...''I'm excited to start this new chapter, so it's going to be good.''The 'Mean Girls' star was also seen telling programme director Amy Rice that she now has ''inner peace''.She said: ''I'm in this really good place where I have this inner peace right now. All the distractions and chaos that go on outside just in daily life in general don't really affect me anymore.''The programme also saw Lindsay search for an apartment in New York and left devastated when she found one she liked - but was told it required a $10 million insurance policy.She exclaimed: ''I can't do that. I'm not Oprah!''The 27-year-old actress stayed in a hotel while apartment hunting, and after a month in the luxury residence, she admitted she was finding the experience upsetting because she associated it with a ''crazy phase'' in her life.She said: ''It's the first time I'm really getting a place in New York and it's really chaotic.''I'm trying to figure out how to be sane and live, how to live out of a hotel, which I did when I was in a crazy phase in my life and that brings up a lot of memories and I hate it. ... And now I'm figuring out everything for myself with things being left up in the air constantly.''However, she insisted her housing struggle wouldn't send her out of control again.She added: ''I'm here. I'm showing up. I'm sober. And I'm dealing with it.''
Last night's premiere of OWN's new docu-series "Lindsay" delivered 693,184 total viewers with a .56 women 25-54 rating, .52 women 18-49 rating and .53 women 18-34 (Sunday, March 9 at 10 p.m. ET/PT). The episode posted triple-digit gains across the key demos vs. the prior six-week time period average (+178% in total viewers; +300% W25-54; +478% W18-49; +1225% W18-34). Versus one year ago, the premiere delivered double-digit ratings growth (+57% total viewers; +37% W25-54; +73% W18-49; +231% W18-34).This marks OWN's highest rating in the Sunday 10 p.m. hour in 27 weeks among women 25-54.The premiere episode of "Lindsay" will re-air on OWN tonight at 10 p.m. ET/PT.Source: The Nielsen CompanyThe OWN documentary series "Lindsay," directed by Emmy-nominated filmmaker Amy Rice ("By The People: The Election of Barack Obama"), follows movie star and media sensation Lindsay Lohan on her journey through recovery following a very public period of crisis. Lindsay is one of the most talented young actresses of her generation, boasting an impressive list of credits ("The Parent Trap," "Mean Girls," "A Prairie Home Companion"). Having had her career and personal life sidelined by her public struggles, Lindsay is strikingly candid about her life and is more determined than ever to get back on her feet. In this honest, no-holds-barred account, viewers will see an intimate, unflinching look into the life of one of the world's most sought-after celebrities. Cameras follow Lindsay as she returns to New York, reunites with friends and family, and attempts to build a new life. As she works to stay on track amid the demands (and pitfalls) of fame, she opens up as never before, discussing everything from her emotional recovery process to her exhausting run-ins with the paparazzi. The series is produced with OWN by Pilgrim Studios and is executive produced by Craig Piligian, Nicholas Caprio and Johnny Gould. Amy Rice, Ralph Wikke and Mitch Rosa are co-executive producers.
Error: Article RetiredWe're sorry, but the article you are looking for was retired and is no longer available on our site.
Uh-Oh!It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Wendy Williams is our gurl! So when she asks Yours Truly to dish on Lupita Nyong'o and her rumored new guy - heck, we were going to do that anyway!But the real scoop here is something you've for realz NEVER heard about Lindsay Lohan.Ch-ch-check out the video (above) to get all the scandal that's fit to print - PLUS a peek behind the curtain at the real LiLo!Tags: interview, lindsay lohan, lupita nyong'o, perez hilton, personally perez, robin thicke, tv news, video, wendy williams
PhotosOver the weekend, some of the biggest names in music came out for the iHeartRadio Music Awards at The Forum in Los Angeles.
You are the owner of this article.
After all the arrests, court appearances, trips to jail and rehab stays, Lindsay Lohan has turned to reality TV.On Sunday night, the 27-year-old made her latest comeback attempt in the OWN network's "Lindsay," a docu-series that came across in its first episode as part "E! True Hollywood Story" and part "Intervention," with a dash of "Hoarders." (Lohan, apparently, gets rid of nothing.)The premise is to follow Lohan around as she tries to piece her personal and professional life back together after six years of documented turmoil. And so last summer, less than a week after she completed a 90-day stay at a Malibu rehab facility -- a place that actually aired commercials during the show -- Lohan sat down with OWN's Oprah Winfrey for an interview and began filming.The trailer indicated that there would be no glossing over Lohan's flaws and missteps, as crew members and OWN staff openly commented on the ways Lohan was making production difficult. But in its first hour, viewers didn't get any of that.Instead, the show tracked the former child star as she messily packed up and moved from Los Angeles to New York, tried to find her own place, saw her younger sister walk in a fashion show and squeezed in an impromptu shopping trip. Her jewelery needed to be organized, and then she needed to change hotel rooms.Other than a brilliant "Fetch" T-shirt being flashed at one point, that was about as exciting as it got.Yet in the midst of all that minutiae, the core of "Lindsay" is the star's focus on sobriety. Lohan's numerous low points are tallied throughout the episode, and she's frequently accompanied by a sober coach. If nothing else, OWN's "Lindsay" wants to be the portrait of a young artist in recovery.Does it succeed? Maybe for fans of Lohan's (and she does still have them, as "Lindsay" proved by chatting up strangers on the street about the actress) or the compassionately voyeuristic."I know there r much more important things going on in the world," media personality Jacque Reid tweeted Sunday, "but I am very curious to see if Lindsay can save herself."In the beginning of the episode, Lohan at least seemed to be on her way there, saying during a one-on-one confessional that "there's nothing left in having a drink for me.""There's no situation that I haven't been exposed to," she went on. "So maybe trying the other way for me, which is living with integrity and living in control of my own self, that's the life I want now."But when faced with paparazzi, the stress of moving or a lingerie photo shoot that doesn't go as planned, the actress appeared on the brink of breaking down. For The Daily Beast's Kevin Fallon, those moments are what makes "Lindsay" worth watching."What 'Lindsay' succeeds most at is, for the first time in years, convincing us that Lindsay Lohan isn't a name in an Us Weekly headline or a joke in a late-night monologue or a character in a drama so wild it can't possibly be real life," Fallon writes. "She's a human. She's a very fragile, volatile, slightly selfish human. But she's one who's working really hard to find peace in the eye of the very large, very tumultuous storm that surrounds her and is causing those dangerous traits."As for everyone else, there's little draw outside of the opportunity to sharpen one's snarky barbs."A small part of me died when I found out this is more than a one episode show," tweeted The Hollywood Reporter's TV critic Tim Goodman, while Entertainment Weekly's Erin Strecker tried to rustle up a silver lining."Encouraging sign #1," Strecker said. "She finally got a driver."Actress Chloe Grace Moretz, meanwhile, couldn't even joke about what she was watching on Sunday: "this is just genuinely sad," she posted on Twitter. "I feel bad."Lohan had to know when she signed up for "Lindsay" that she was leaving herself wide open to this wide-ranging barrage of reactions, especially to comments like the one she made about a past jail stint. "The judge at the time that I had kept overruling me getting released even though they were overcrowded," Lohan recalled of time spent in solitary confinement. "She kept making me stay there. What they were doing was punishing me instead of trying to help me."But, even with the possibility of this docu-series experiment going awry, it seems "Lindsay" is worth the risk for the former child star."I'm trying to figure out how to be sane and live," she said during Sunday's episode. "(I was) in this bubble where everything was done for me, and now, I'm figuring everything out for myself."
Lindsay, the eight-part documentary series which follows Lindsay Lohan post-rehab, has just premiered in the US on Oprah Winfrey's TV network OWN.Did it feature tears, tantrums, meltdowns? Er, yes. Watch below to see what happened when Lindsay missed out on a trip to Europe and keep watching to see more clips from the documentary. You don't want to miss video two (it's Lindsay's take on living under the "media microscope"...
You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.

We are experience issues. Please visit again later. Thank you for your patience.

Sorry - we can't find that pageWe have recently migrated our site to a new platform which is why old links may no longer work.Please use the navigation or search box above to guide you to your desired content.
Her red hair may be big and full of secrets, but Lindsay Lohan let them all out in the Sunday, March 9 premiere of her docu-series Lindsay on the OWN network.The often-troubled actress, 27, opened up her life to Oprah Winfrey and director Amy Rice as she tried to remain sober and create a new life following her sixth rehab stint last year.Here were the best moments from the premiere:PHOTOS: Lindsay's biggest OMG moments1. Oprah convinces Lindsay not to go to EuropeIt's not clear what Oprah thinks happens in Europe, but it is clear that she sees life across the pond as a hot bed of sin and depravity. When she finds out Lohan is heading abroad for a yoga retreat, the talk show host quickly advises the star to forget her excursion. Lohan immediately cancels her trip at Oprah's request.2. Lindsay finds "Fetch" T-shirts from Mean GirlsWhile sifting through her discarded boxes at her mom Dina's house, Lohan happens upon a pile of "Fetch" T-shirts made for the popular catch phrase from the 2004 film Mean Girls.3. Lindsay finds an elaborate ball gown stuffed in a boxWhile preparing to move from Los Angeles to New York, Lohan finds a giant ball gown shoved inside of a box. The floor-length black embellished gown had no protective covering or packaging.PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan's film career4. Lindsay's friend tells her The Canyons will become a "cult classic"While apartment searching in New York, Lohan's friend Chrissie Miller gushes about the star's box office flop, The Canyons."I loved it! I think it's awesome," Miller said of the raunchy indie film costarring porn star James Deen. "You're amazing in it. You looked great. It's different. It's going to be like a cult [film].""Cool!" Lohan happily replies.PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan's face through the years5. Lohan's future landlord adds a $10 million insurance feeAs she struggles to find an apartment in New York, the Freaky Friday star finally finds one she likes. But the landlord adds a $10 million insurance fee to the property."I can't afford that! I'm not Oprah!" she declares. But she does know Oprah, so maybe she can pull a few strings.Tell Us: What did you think of Lindsay's documentary premiere?
BANG ShowbizLindsay Lohan wants to live "with integrity".The troubled actress -- who has endured a string of legal problems in recent years and been to rehab six times -- is determined to make a fresh start and wants to put her problems behind her.Speaking on her new docu-series "Lindsay", which debuted in the U.S. last night, she said: "Living with integrity and in control of my own self -- that's the life I want now...""I'm excited to start this new chapter, so it's going to be good."The "Mean Girls" star was also seen telling programme director Amy Rice that she now has "inner peace".She said: "I'm in this really good place where I have this inner peace right now. All the distractions and chaos that go on outside just in daily life in general don't really affect me anymore."The programme also saw Lindsay search for an apartment in New York and left devastated when she found one she liked -- but was told it required a $10 million insurance policy.She exclaimed: "I can't do that. I'm not Oprah!"The 27-year-old actress stayed in a hotel while apartment hunting, and after a month in the luxury residence, she admitted she was finding the experience upsetting because she associated it with a "crazy phase" in her life.She said: "It's the first time I'm really getting a place in New York and it's really chaotic."I'm trying to figure out how to be sane and live, how to live out of a hotel, which I did when I was in a crazy phase in my life and that brings up a lot of memories and I hate it. ... And now I'm figuring out everything for myself with things being left up in the air constantly."However, she insisted her housing struggle wouldn't send her out of control again.She added: "I'm here. I'm showing up. I'm sober. And I'm dealing with it."
Sorry for inconvenience!You have been redirected to this page due to the following reasons:--Your session has expired.You have closed the browser, without logging out.If the problem persists, kindly remove all the temporary files and cookies from your browser.For IE - 1. Click on tools from the task bar of browser.2. Click on Internet Options.3. Click on "Delete temporary files."For Mozilla Firefox - 1. Click on tools from the task bar of browser.2. Click on "Clear recent history."
Verne Gay Gay is the television critic.Of all the Lindsay Lohans we've seen over the years, from child star to adult addict, the one we saw Sunday night at least added something new to the list: A human being. A troubled, messy, fraught one, to be sure.Above all, troubled. But at least human.Oprah Winfrey, whose name is on the network, asked her at the outset Sunday night what Lohan wanted out of this eight-part "docu-series," which began taping just four days after her release from a Malibu rehab facility last summer -- her sixth such stay over the years."Just to be honest, and open. Just me."Lohan has been demonized for so long that it's been easy to lose sight of who that "me" is, exactly. But this fascinating new documentary, "Lindsay," produced by Amy Rice, attempted to at least to offer some sort of framework.It began with Lohan literally packing up her life in Los Angeles, lost amid a thousand boxes. "I need a fresh start, a clean start," she says. "Life can be chaotic. But it's about keeping myself calm in the middle of that, which is what I'm learning to do."advertisement | advertise on newsdayAnd then came the chaos: Hunting for apartments in Manhattan, returning to her family home in North Merrick, limo rides to who-knows-where-or-why, and a constant swirl of handlers, helpers, and hangers-on. A thrum of stress and anxiety seemed to crowd her in every scene: An argument over some business arrangement, or over a lease, followed by a quick cut to her counselor who says, "She's trying to create security in an environment that's not very secure."No kidding.Lohan's been given a lot of shots over the years, but this time it's Oprah who's orchestrating this "Extreme Home Makeover." If this strange, frazzled, chaotic, utterly absorbing OWN series accomplishes anything over the next seven weeks, it would -- and hopefully will -- give her a shot at recapturing her humanity, and dignity.
Los Angeles - Lindsay Lohan has Oprah Winfrey on speed dial.The recovering actress has been mentored by the talk show star since she completed a 90-day court ordered stint in rehab last year, and says she feels blessed to have such a strong bond with her.She told Extra TV: "I love that I can call Oprah on the phone, and be like, 'Oprah, can we talk right now?' and she calls me within two minutes. I have to trick her into leaving voicemails, so I can just have Oprah's voicemails ... she's the coolest person ever."Lindsay, 27, has also filmed a docu-series for Oprah's OWN network which she is keen to stress isn't a reality show, and she says she had no control over what made the final cut.She added: "I did it because it's not a reality show, it's pretty raw. Obviously it's TV, so things will be edited in certain ways to get ratings, which I can't control, but I do know that my intentions going into it were really pure and really honest. I appreciate all that's happened and all that Oprah has done for me."

It's the final day of New York Fashion Week. Scroll down for the schedule and links to watch shows via live stream.Sep 12, 2016 Buscemi Opens First NYC Flagship Buscemi kicked off New York Fashion Week with a party to celebrate the opening of its first-ever flagship store in NYC. READ MORE

The page you requested is currently unavailable. Pages on this site are constantly being revised, updated, and occasionally removed. You may have followed an outdated link or have outdated pages in your browser cache.Please use your browser's BACK button to return to the previous page.We apologize for any inconvenience.
As Miley Cyrus was entertaining thousands of fans in Omaha, one fan was under arrest. Tucker Salvensen snuck into the star's dressing room and left her a note.He then bragged about it on Twitter.Tucker says, "It's not like I was trying to stalk her or cause any kind of riot or chaos or anything."Tucker Salvensen calls himself a "Male Miley." He even has the title of her album, "Bangerz", tattooed on his arm.But his love for the pop star went too far in Omaha.Tucker says, "They had security there waiting for me."Tucker says it all began when he got a VIP pass from a truck driver and snuck into the stars dressing room."Nobody asked me my name or what I was doing back there. They just casually waved and let me pass." said Tucker.He left Miley a note, then sent her mom and her a message on Twitter."Hey, I was in her dressing room. I left her a note you should have her read it. It basically told her that I love her and that her music helped me through a lot."Tucker, who is 18 and lives in Northern Utah, was arrested the next day when he returned to watch her concert.We asked, "Should she be afraid of you?""I don't think she should be afraid of me personally, like honestly, I have no intent of harmful ways. If I was her I would be concerned that access was so easy." said Tucker.Tucker is facing Criminal Trespass Charges. As far as his hopes to catch Miley's attention..."Has she responded to anything." Channel 6 asked."She hasn't yet. So I do have my fingers crossed for that" said Tucker.Officials with the Century Link Center asked for charges to be pressed, according to the police report.Tucker says he hopes the charges will be dropped. He has bought tickets to another Miley concert.
As he nears announcing a run for Egypt's presidency, Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has been focusing on preparing an economic program, senior generals and government officials say, demonstrating the wariness within the military over the scale of problems facing the country.The military, Egypt's most powerful institution, has put its reputation on the line with an el-Sissi presidency, after its top generals publicly backed his candidacy in January. That means it, too, could face a public backlash if his administration fails in a country that since 2011 has already risen up in massive protests against two presidents.Login required We have used your information to see if you have a subscription with us. So far we have not found one. If you feel you are currently subscribed please click on the button to attempt to find your account. Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Back Thank you for reading and relying on TulsaWorld.com for your news and information. You have now viewed your allowance of free articles. LoginYou must login to view the full content on this page. Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.Two generals close to el-Sissi said the military was well aware of the difficulty in repairing an economy in need of reform even before the 2011 fall of longtime autocrat Hosni Mubark. The two and other government officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.

HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Sign Up for NewsletterAdvertisementIt's rumored that Nikki Ferrell is the last woman standing on this season of The Bachelor but a deleted scene shows that Juan Pablo considered spending the rest of his life with contestant Clare Crawley.Clare Leaves Juan Pablo in TearsIn the clip Juan Pablo grabbed his phone making Crawley think that he's about to "take a selfie." Instead, he played a romantic song before setting his phone on the table.Crawley was instantly taken aback and said, "I love this song" before kissing Juan Pablo. and shedding a tear or two.Juan Pablo Gives Final Rose to Nikki Ferrell?Juan Pablo comforted Crawley and referenced the song when he said, "We started like that. Don't cry."She tried to kiss Juan Pablo back but couldn't help but cry as the singer sung, "I never thought I'd feel this way for another."Crawley explained her breakdown during a confessional interview.She said, "I am lost in the moment. That song is how I feel and how I felt."She asked Juan Pablo if he was a fan of the song and said, "You should just play it when we get married."The former Venezuelan soccer star played coy and didn't respond to Crawleys' comment with words but kissed her instead.Crawley confessed, "This is our song. I feel like it's our moment...And I hope that this song will be played at our wedding someday."Juan Pablo showed off his goofy side as he sung along to the song.Crawley added, "Juan Pablo has definitely helped break down those walls that have been up around my heart.Check out the video below and tune in to The Bachelor season finale Monday March 9 at 8/7c on ABC.
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
404 Not FoundNot FoundThe requested URL was not found on this server.Apache Server Port 80
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...

She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
Nikki Ferrell, pediatric nurse from Kansas City's Children's Mercy Hospital, won the final rose on ABC's "The Bachelor," but didn't get a ring or even an "I love you" from star Juan Pablo Galavis.AdvertisementFerrell outplayed a cast of other women on the long-running reality show, competing for the heart of Galavis. He chose Ferrell over rival finalist Clare Crawley, who had strong words for him after being rejected in the final rose ceremony.On the reunion show after the telecast, Ferrell said she was relieved that the show was over. She said she's still in a relationship with Galavis, something they've struggled to keep secret.She also revealed that while she loves him, he's never told her that he loves her back. He also declined a multiple opportunities to tell Nikki that he loved her during the reunion show.Ferrell said that Juan Pablo's actions speak louder than words."If he wasn't invested in the relationship, he wouldn't be with me," she said.During their home visit to Kansas City, Galavis and Ferrell visited Oklahoma Joe's BBQ and a bar at Kansas City's Power and Light District.Ferrell and Galavis didn't reveal what their next plans were or whether they planned to continue to live in separate cities. Galavis said he wanted to keep the future details of their relationship private.Ferrell's friends gathered at a home in Westwood, Kan., to watch the finale."It's very strange," said friend Carol McGinness. "At the beginning of this before she went, a group of got together and gave her some advice and just kind of celebrated this journey she was going on, and so finally getting to the end and being able to have open conversations with her and talk about it and be excited with her in a whole different way is really exciting."

Warning: Massive Bachelor season 18 spoilers ahead! If you haven't yet seen the March 10 season finale of Juan Pablo Galavis' season of the Bachelor, don't continue reading!In what will surely be one of the most contested, debated Bachelor seasons ever -- so many tears! -- season 18 Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis gave out his final rose to one, er, lucky lady. In the end, the polarizing 32-year-old Venezuelan-born hunk's final choice was between hairstylist Clare Crawley and pediatric nurse Nikki Ferrell. So which "lucky" lady got the final rose? Let's recap!PHOTOS: Juan Pablo's bachelorettesThe action begins in St. Lucia, with both Clare, 32, and Nikki, 26, meeting Juan Pablo's straight-talking family. Clare's up first, and she wastes no time before telling Juan Pablo's mom, Nelly, that she's in love with her son. Nelly, in turn, answers honestly when Clare asks if Juan Pablo has any ticks she should know about. "He's hyperactive," she replies. "He sometimes is very rude." Juan Pablo's cousin Rodolfo has some harsh truths for Clare, too, telling her that the man she's in love with is the kind of guy who will walk away when things "get rough." None of this changes Clare's feelings, though; she maintains that it'll be "the best day of [her] life" if Juan Pablo proposes.Nikki gets more of the same from Juan Pablo's family. "He's not an easy guy," Juan Pablo's father warns her. "It's always about what he wants." To drive the point home, Nelly tells Nikki that the fantasies she has of their life together -- game nights and family beach trips -- are just that. "You feel he is the kind of guy you want?" Nelly asks. "You're sure?" Nikki insists she is, but it's kind of hard to believe, given that even Juan Pablo's family doesn't seem to like him all that much.PHOTOS: Bachelor proposals, promise rings and breakupsMoving on to the final one-on-one dates! Clare's up first again, and she happily joins Juan Pablo on a helicopter ride over St. Lucia. Somewhere between takeoff and landing, though, the "happily" part goes away. Once on solid ground again, Clare reveals Juan Pablo whispered something in her ear that she can't bear to even repeat. "What I thought was going to be sweet, kind, loving words was not what came out of his mouth, and I'm shocked, she says. "He chose to tell me something that no woman wants to hear. That he doesn't know me and some sexual thing I don't want to repeat. It was insulting and it was offensive...Maybe I have him all wrong. Maybe he's not the man I thought he was."ABCLater that night, in her hotel room, she confronts Juan Pablo about what he said to her. He deflects any blame from himself and tries to gloss over the situation by saying that he's just struggling with the decision he has to make between her and Nikki. He also assures Clare that she's special to him, and even goes so far as to say that if they end up together, they'll have a baby in no time. "Now it's like I know it's definitely a lot more than physical attraction between us," she says in a confessional, apparently satisfied with his explanation. "Tonight, I know that he wants me here."PHOTOS: Failed reality TV romancesAh, but what about tomorrow? Nikki's final one-on-one date is up next, and she and Juan Pablo can't keep their hands off each other. There's a lot of making out -- but what Nikki really wants is for Juan Pablo to tell her he loves her. "I'm in love with this guy," she gushes. "I want forever with him. I do!"The question, of course, is whether he wants the same thing with her. Fortunately, she doesn't have to wait long to find out. After a brief commercial break, the camera zooms in on Juan Pablo at the final rose ceremony, where he's waiting to meet Clare. He feeds her some platitudes about how "unbelievable" and "amazing" she is, and then cuts to the chase: "I wish the earth sucked me today, because this is the hardest decision." Clare is heartbroken -- but more than that, she's angry, and she rejects Juan Pablo's goodbye hug. "I've saved this moment for the man of my dreams, and I thought that was you," she says bitterly. "What you just made me go through -- I would never want my children having a father like you."PHOTOS: Bachelor stars' scandalous pastsJuan Pablo's response? "Whoo! I'm glad I didn't pick her."So how does he feel about the woman he did pick? Lukewarm, apparently. Though he "chooses" Nikki at the final rose ceremony, he's not quite ready to tell her he loves her. "I love how much you care about other people," he begins. "I love your honesty, so much...I can see you as a good stepmom for Camila." That said, he's not ready to see her as a good wife for himself. "I have a ring in my pocket, but I'm not 100 percent sure that I want to propose to you," he confesses. "But I'm 100 percent sure I don't want to let you go. I like you a lot. A lot."Good enough! "Nikki, will you accept my final rose?" he asks. "Absolutely," she replies.End scene! Tell Us: What'd you think of the finale?
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
404 - Article not foundYou may not be able to visit this page because of:an out-of-date bookmark/favourite a search engine that has an out-of-date listing for this site a mistyped address you have no access to this page The requested resource was not found. An error has occurred while processing your request.Please try one of the following pages:If difficulties persist, please contact the System Administrator of this site and report the error below.
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
His decision came down to pediatric nurse Nikki Ferrell and hairstylist Clare Crawley.[Warning: Spoilers ahead if you haven't seen Monday night's episode of The Bachelor.]And then there was one.The Bachelor star Juan Pablo Galavis revealed his final pick in Monday night's season finale of the ABC reality series.It came down to pediatric nurse Nikki Ferrell and hairstylist Clare Crawley, and in the end, Galavis chose Ferrell.PHOTOS: 19 of Hollywood's All-Time Shortest MarriagesHe did go through the process of picking out a Neil Lane engagement ring. However, in a twist not seen since Brad Womack's first season in 2007, Galavis didn't propose to Ferrell, instead telling her he wasn't sure he was ready to propose but that he still wanted to date her. He also asked her to accept his final rose, and she said yes.Womack, who actually chose not to continue dating either of the final two women in his first season, went on to propose to Emily Maynard in his second season three years later, but that engagement didn't last.Other Bachelor stars who didn't propose include Alex Michel in season one, Bob Guiney in season four, Jesse Palmer in season five, Charlie O'Connell in season seven, Travis Stork in season eight and Lorenzo Borghese in season nine. None of those relationships lasted, either.VIDEO: 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis Selling Appliances in Upstate New YorkGalavis' predecessor, Sean Lowe, not only proposed to his pick, Catherine Guidici, but the couple were married on live TV in January. That marked the fourth televised wedding in franchise history, following the nuptials of Trista Rehn and Ryan Sutter, Jason Mesnick and Molly Malaney and Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum.Galavis has made headlines during this season, most recently for retweeting a joke that used the word "retard." In January, he also generated controversy for saying that ABC shouldn't have a gay or bisexual bachelor on the show and calling gay people "more pervert."PHOTOS: Stars Who've Made Anti-Gay RemarksGalavis, who is Venezuelan and a native Spanish speaker, blamed both gaffes on language issues. He was the first non-Caucasian to star in the franchise, which is from Warner Horizon TV.
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
She's the big winner! See the sexiest Instagram snaps of 'The Bachelor' star Nikki Ferrell!Congrats to Nikki Ferrell, winner of the Final Rose on The Bachelor!While Ferrell didn't get an engagement ring from Juan Pablo Galavis (a Bachelor first!) we doubt she's crying about it. She's too busy shooting guns, modeling, swimming, jumping on beds and looking hot as heck while doing it. We rounded up the sexiest photos of Ferrell, so get ready to drool ... and to be jealous of Galavis.Well, not too jealous. He's still kind of an idiot. In fact, we're not sure he even deserves someone as sexy as Ferrell!


'The Bachelor' star Juan Pablo Galavis and his final bachelorette reportedly fighting, may only act still together at finaleBy Elizabeth Kwiatkowski, 03/10/2014ADVERTISEMENTstar Juan Pablo Galavis is reportedly on the outs with the bachelorette whom he gave his final rose to at the end of his journey on the show.Multiple sources say there's been "lots of fighting" going on between Galavis and the woman he selected during 's eighteenth-season finale, which filmed in October and airs Monday night at 8PM ET/PT on ABC, E! News reported "Producers are hopeful that they'll work it out by the live finale, but no one is holding their breath," a source connected with the show told the website."If they are together at the [live After the Final Rose] finale, it's probably just an act."Galavis, a 32-year-old former pro soccer player and Venezuela native, was also reportedly very tough to work with and caused a lot of drama behind the scenes. He was also involved in numerous controversies throughout the season.Producers and crew members actually can't wait for the season to end, according to E! News."Everyone on the show is just so over him and cannot wait for this season to be over," the source explained."It has not been anyone's favorite, that's for sure," added the source."His anti-gay comment happened the weekend of Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici 's wedding which completely overshadowed all the hard work everyone put in for it and practically ruined Sean and Catherine's special weekend."Lowe and Giudici wed live on television in late January on ABC. It was the first time in franchise's history a couple who came from the show tied the knot live.A second source told the website that people who worked on found Galavis to be "the worst bachelor ever."Galavis, a single dad who currently resides in Miami, FL, has two bachelorettes still in the running to win his heart -- Nikki Ferrell and Clare CrawleyGet more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed.
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
Oops.It looks like you might be lost...The page that you are looking for cannot be found. It may be temporarily unavailable, moved or taken off PEOPLE.com.
Sorry, the page you requested on wxyz.com was not found.Please check the URL for mistakes. You can also try using the site navigation or search tool to find your content.Return to Home
If you thought the Women Tell All special was harsh on Juan Pablo Galavis, wait until you hear this. E! News reports that it's not just his castoffs that despise him. Crew and producers apparently hate him too. According to a source, "Everyone on the show is just so over him and cannot wait for this season to be over. He's the worst Bachelor ever." Oh how the hunky have fallen. The biggest issue seems to be his anti-gay comment some weeks ago. He happened to make the gaffe during the same weekend as Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici's wedding and they worried that it overshadowed the blessed, made-for-TV event. As if anything could take attention away from the fact that the walking Ken Doll and his pick were finally gonna do it. They also took issue with him jokingly using the R-word in in a tweet. But I say poor Juan Pablo deserves a break. Check out the 5 reasons he isn't as bad as all the haters say.He's been criticized for being too honest. Is it just me or is this totally crazy. Andi Dorfman fumed over the fact that he was too straightforward. So much so, he hurt her feelings. While he should be mindful of insulting others, being truthful is a good thing. Aren't women always asking men to be more open and honest? Now the world is kicking a man when he does just that. That language barrier is real. So many of the women don't buy that he doesn't understand certain words or phrases. That just isn't fair. Some people can live here for a few years and speak near-perfect English. Others find it much more difficult. I married into a family of immigrants and I know from personal experience you can live here two decades and still have difficulties. It's just cruel not to give him the benefit of the doubt. So what if he likes to make out with a lot of girls. What guy doesn't. This is the equivalent to being a kid in the candy store. He gets to date 25 hot, eager women. Why wouldn't he want to kiss the ones he's really attracted too? Treating the mom contestants special is not wrong. Some of the women took issue with the fact that he viewed the women with children differently. But they are different. A parent (as he is) recognizes that. They are not just there to find love for themselves, but also looking for a potential father for their children. That's a big deal. Come on! Is he really the WORST Bachelor ever? What about Jake Pavelka. Vienna Girardi broke down in tears recounting the emotional abuse she withstood. And who can forget Brad Womack, who didn't pick either of his top two in the finale. Even worse, Jason Mesnick dumped the first place winner for the runner after the cameras stopped rolling. Those guys sound so much worse to me. What do you think of Juan Pablo? Is he really as bad as they say? Image via ABC
Love hurts! Juan Pablo Galavis will make his decision between Clare Crawley and Nikki Ferrell -- or no one at all -- on the finale of the Bachelor Season 18 on Monday, March 10. One thing, however, is certain -- there will be tears.In a sneak peek video from the finale, Clare and Ferrel are both seen sobbing as they prepare to either get a proposal or the old heave-ho from Juan.PHOTOS: Juan Pablo's bachelorettes"I could definitely imagine my future with Juan Pablo," hairstylist Clare, 32, says. "I've fallen in love with him.""Every little girl dreams of their wedding . . . Dreams of the day they know they found someone," pediatric nurse Nikki, 26, says. "In a few days, he's going to be down on one knee."ABC/Craig SjodinClare and Nikki both meet Juan's family, and have honest, frank discussion about the 32-year-old Venezuela-raised single dad's personality."He sometimes is very rude," Juan's mother tells Clare. "It made me cry," Clare replies, referring to their fight in Vietnam when Juan said he regretted an intimate swim the two shared in the ocean.PHOTOS: Bachelor proposals, promise rings and breakupsWaiting to find out whether or not Juan loves them back, eventually takes its toll on the ladies. Both are shown crying in their hotel rooms in St. Lucia as they await their fate."I could pick out all the negative things and dwell on them, but I don't want to lose this," Nikki says.PHOTOS: Failed reality TV romancesThe finale of The Bachelor Season 18 premieres Monday, March 10 on ABC at 8:00 p.m. EST. Watch the sneak peek video above and tell Us: Who do you think Pablo will end up with in the finale?
He's made countless jokes at the expense of gays and mentally challenged people, he's slut-shamed the very women that he slept with, he has lied about his professional career, and he's abandoned the very daughter he claims to love to chase "love" in the name of a reality show. With all of this in mind, then, it's no wonder that Juan Pablo Galvais has been voted the "Worst Bachelor Ever."According to E! News, the latest gaffe made by the least likable Bachelor in ABC history came as an end result of him re-tweeting a joke made by one of his "fans" on Twitter. The "joke" read: "Not every flower can save love, but a rose can. Not every plant survives thirst, but a cactus can. Not every r-----d can read, but look at you go, little buddy! Today you should take a moment and send an encouraging message to a f--ked up friend, just as I've done. I don't care if you lick windows, or interfere with farm animals. You hang in there cup cake, you're f--king special to me, you're my friend, look at you smiling at your phone! You crayon eating bastard you!"He then added insult to injury by Tweeting that he "loved" the joke, while laughing along with it. CLASSY!AdvertisementWhen people -- justifiably -- called him out on it, he defended the joke by blaming a language barrier, then said that "some people need to TRAVEL more often." Even classier!No surprise, then, that the people who are working behind the scenes of The Bachelor can't wait for the show to be over, according to The New York Daily News. "Everyone on the show is just so over him and cannot wait for this season to be over," a source close to the show told the newspaper.
The last commercial answers the question on contestants' and viewers' minds: What does Juan Pablo Galavis truly desire?What does Bachelor star Juan Pablo Galavis really want? That's the question the final two women vying for his heart, as well as viewers across the country, are waiting to find out the answer to.The season finale of The Bachelor airs Monday night on ABC, with the reality TV star set to make his decision between Nikki Ferrell and Clare Crawley. But Monday night also marks the final edition of upstate New York store Rochester Appliance's four-week-long ad campaign featuring Galavis.VIDEO: 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis Selling Appliances in Upstate New YorkThe last commercial also addresses the question of what Galavis wants, but reveals his deepest desire is for something far more immediate, and less romantic, than Ferrell's or Crawley's hand in marriage.In addition to the final ad, Rochester Appliance has posted to its blog behind-the-scenes photos as well as all of the previous commercials that ran in recent weeks.

Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
The much-anticipated Season 18 finale of The Bachelor has been touted as the Most Dramatic Finale Ever , which brings up the question: Exactly how juicy would it have to be in order to top all the previous 17 finales? While Juan Pablo , Nikki, and Clare (and Andi) have created plenty of gossip to keep America occupied and guessing at how their quest for love will end, let's not forget the many men and women who have walked down this road before.And if their experiences are any indication, there will most likely be a proposal... but a wedding? Improbable.When the first season of The Bachelor aired in 2002, the dating game show ended with bachelor Alex Michel making a difficult decision in choosing between the final two contestants. While episode previews showed him picking out Harry Winston rings, he didn't actually propose.Since then, however, there's been a steady trend of proposals in recent years, with more than half of the seasons ending in proposals thus far.Unfortunately, an accepted proposal doesn't automatically lead to marriage. In fact, only one of the final rose ceremony proposals resulted in a wedding, and that didn't happen until season 17 with Sean and Catherine. ( Jason and Molly from season 13 got married as well, but he actually proposed to someone else on the show.)Watch the video above to see how it ended for some of the most notable couples from previous seasons of The Bachelor . Juan Pablo fans (if any such people exist) will probably hope that his story ends a little differently from the norm.
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy

Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
WATCH THIS:"The Bachelor" (8 p.m., ABC): We're running out of roses, which means Juan Pablo has a big decision to make in tonight's season finale. Will he commit? Will she? Will there be a nasty, tabloid-ready breakup weeks from now? Does anyone still care?"How I Met Your Mother" (8 p.m., CBS): Lily apparently pulls a disappearing act this week. But we're still hashing over last week's puzzling episode, which seemed to indicate that the "mother" may not be long for the world. That has to be a red herring, right? Right?!"Believe" (10 p.m., NBC): Can one gifted child save the world? That's the question pegged to this new drama series from J.J. Abrams and Oscar-winning "Gravity" director Alfonso Cuaron about a 10-year-old girl (Johnny Sequoyah) who possess incredible -- but unharnessed -- supernatural powers. Also on Monday:"Bones" (8 p.m., Fox)"The Voice" (8 p.m., NBC)"How I Met Your Mother" (8 p.m., CBS)"Switched at Birth" (8 p.m, ABC Family)"Dallas" (9 p.m., TNT)"Single Ladies" (9 p.m., VH1)"Mike & Molly" (9 p.m., CBS)"Beauty and the Beast," Season finale (9 p.m., The CW)"Archer" (10 p.m., FX)"Lost Girl" (10 p.m., Syfy)"Southern Charm" (10 p.m., Bravo)

anti-gay remarks and a couple of negative feedback from his eliminated women as well as other reality stars from the ABC franchise, he's causing yet another wave of controversy just before the season 18 finale. Could his latest move earn him the title of the most hated Bachelor? Though not the most engaging Bachelor, Juan Pablo has been one of the most controversial love searcher not just because of the things he has done on the reality dating series but off-camera as well. After earning a huge backlash for hisand a couple of negative feedback from his eliminated women as well as other reality stars from the ABC franchise, he's causing yet another wave of controversy just before the season 18 finale. Could his latest move earn him the title of the most hated Bachelor?Juan Pablo's Twitter ControversyThe single dad recently came under fire for re-tweeting a fan who shared a crude joke about people with mental handicaps. The tweet said: "Not every flower can save love, but a rose can. Not every plant survives thirst, but a cactus can. Not every r-----d can read, but look at you go, little buddy! Today you should take a moment and send an encouraging message to a f--ked up friend, just as I've done. I don't care if you lick windows, or interfere with farm animals. You hang in there cup cake, you're f--king special to me, you're my friend, look at you smiling at your phone! You crayon eating bastard you!"Juan Pablo re-tweeted the joke and added, "JAJAJAJAJA LOVED IT..." which earned him a lot of negative comments.While his tweet has since been deleted, he did defend himself on Twitter.Juan Pablo said : "I'm BLESSED to speak SPANISH, an OK english and a LITTLE bit of portuguese... For those who DON'T I recommend to LEARN... #Culture Yeap, an OK english, my WRITING is HORRIBLE but some of you already UNDESTAND me with all my MISTAKES... People, try to be HAPPY and enjoy JOKES and SARCASM... In Venezuela the R word is USED commonly and by NO means is to OFFEND anyone... #Relax #DifferentCulture #Respect.""Some people need to TRAVEL and get around the WORLD," he added. "The US is a GREAT country but there is a LOT out there... #openyourmind #learnculture."Juan Pablo as the Worst Bachelor?According to E! News , Juan Pablo might just go down as the worst Bachelor ever. Sources reveal that the cast and crew of the reality dating series are very much looking forward to conclude the season, which includes a lot of drama on and off camera."Everyone on the show is just so over him and cannot wait for this season to be over," an insider revealed. "His anti-gay comment happened the weekend of Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici's wedding which completely overshadowed all the hard work everyone put in for it and practically ruined Sean and Catherine's special weekend. It has not been anyone's favorite, that's for sure.""He's the worst bachelor ever," another source said.But it looks like Juan Pablo has other things to worry about if there's any truth to the rumor that he and his winner have not been getting along."Producers are hopeful that they'll work it out by the live finale, but no one is holding their breath," a source revealed. "If they are together at the finale, it's probably just an act."What do you think of Juan Pablo's Twitter controversy? Do you consider Juan Pablo as the worst Bachelor ever?The Bachelor? Download the BuddyTV App! Want more updates on(Image courtesy of ABC)
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy

She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
'The Bachelor' star Juan Pablo Galavis retweets "retard" joke and defends it: Open your mind and learn cultureBy Elizabeth Kwiatkowski, 03/07/2014ADVERTISEMENTstar Juan Pablo Galavis isn't ending his reality experience smelling like a rose.star once again landed himself in the center of controversy after he retweeted a fan's insensitive joke about mentally-handicapped people dubbed "retards" on Thursday, E! News reported The tweet read: "Not every flower can save love, but a rose can. Not every plant survives thirst, but a cactus can. Not every retard can read, but look at you go, little buddy! Today you should take a moment and send an encouraging message to a f-cked up friend, just as I've done. I don't care if you lick windows, or interfere with farm animals. You hang in there cup cake, you're f-cking special to me, you're my friend, look at you smiling at your phone! You crayon eating bastard you!"Galavis reportedly wrote, "JAJAJAJAJA LOVED IT...," alongside the tweet but has since deleted the post.Despite seemingly trying to cover up his tracks, Galavis tweeted a series of posts afterwards defending his use of the word "retard" in a joking manner."I'm BLESSED to speak SPANISH, an OK english and a LITTLE bit of portuguese... For those who DON'T I recommend to LEARN... #Culture," the 32-year-old Venezuela native tweeted yesterday."Yeap, an OK english, my WRITING is HORRIBLE but some of you already UNDESTAND me with all my MISTAKES... People, try to be HAPPY and enjoy JOKES and SARCASM... In Venezuela the R word is USED commonly and by NO means is to OFFEND anyone... #Relax #DifferentCulture #Respect."The reality TV star continued, "Some people need to TRAVEL and get around the WORLD... The US is a GREAT country but there is a LOT out there... #openyourmind #learnculture."While some of Galavis' gaffes may have been a result of cultural differences, he's also been criticized for going on for fame and dumping on the idea of a future gay star. He said gay men tend to be more "perverted" as justification for why such a casting change may be inappropriate for ABC's show.During his season, Galavis was also known for sending his bachelorettes mixed signals -- prompting bachelorette Andi Dorfman to call him a "rude, arrogant asshole" after their " disaster " of a fantasy-suite date.The woman to receive Galavis' final rose also reportedly leaked a nude photo the former pro soccer player sent her recently, and news had surfaced in early January that Galavis is a deadbeat dad who owed his ex-girlfriend thousands of dollars in unpaid child-support payments for their four-year-old daughter Camila.All of the recent controversies reportedly led ABC to change its mind about wanting Galavis to be a member of Dancing with the Stars' eighteenth-season castGet more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed.
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy

Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
She just had her first child, but former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky is already thinking about baby number two! Find out more in our exclusive interview. Read More...
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy

According to E! News, the "Women Tell All" special was pretty heavily edited and some of the juiciest drama was left out. During the special, which aired on Mar. 3, fans saw the ladies of "The Bachelor" rip into Juan Pablo but viewers got a much tamer version.During the show, several of the ladies called out Juan Pablo for not spending enough time with everyone and really getting to know them. A couple felt like he didn't take the show that seriously. He was also called out for his comments about not wanting a gay Bachelor.E! News was at the taping and dished on which parts was (for whatever reason) cut from the show. The most edited part of the "Women Tell All" was JP's conversation with Kelly about why a gay Bachelor wouldn't be a good idea. Kelly was really upset over the comments because she has two fathers."It was way more heated than what was televised, with Kelly and Juan Pablo fighting over what he said," E! wrote.Host Chris Harrison had to jump in, telling Kelly that she would be able to talk to JP more about it after the taping. The sit-down with the Bachelor himself was said to be heavily edited and was a lot more heated than what was aired. Some of the ladies told him he was "narcissistic" and "not genuine."Juan Pablo reportedly didn't know the ladies were bashing him before he came out because he did not get to see them talking to Chris Harrison but after the taping ended there was no animosity between the ladies and JP. According to E! he hugged and kissed each lady on the cheek after the cameras were off.Last but not least is Sharleen. E!'s scoop on the opera singer is a little odd but reportedly she was "a bit more frazzled during filming" and Harrison had to tell her several times to calm down. She also freaked out a little bit when the AC kicked in at the studio.The finale of "The Bachelor" airs on ABC Monday at 8 p.m.
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Juan who? Bachelor contestant Renee Oteri found her happily ever after being booted by Juan Pablo Galavis on season 18 of ABC's hit reality series. The single mom shared an Instagram photo with her fiance (and her engagement ring!) on Monday, Mar. 3.PHOTOS: Meet Juan Pablo's bachelorettes!"My forever," Oteri, 32, wrote beside the picture of the smiling newly-engaged couple. In it, her handsome fiance (who's been identified by Wetpaint as an ex-military man named Bracy) drapes his arm over her shoulder, as she holds his hand and shows off her diamond ring.Sources confirmed to Us Weekly last week that Oteri "couldn't be happier" after getting engaged. "She is so happy and has wanted this with her fiance for a very long time!" an insider told Us. "We're all so happy to see them back together!"PHOTOS: The Bachelor -- where are they now?"He is always the one everyone wanted to see her with!" the source added.The beautiful brunette, who was the fourth runner-up in the current season of The Bachelor, made her mark on the show as a single mom -- to 8-year-old son Ben -- opposite single dad Juan Pablo. "Her fiance has known Ben since he was a baby," another source told Us. "Renee is so excited to start over with her new family in Seattle."PHOTOS: Biggest Bachelor moments -- breakups, bling, and more!During a conference call with reporters on Feb. 15, Oteri opened up about her life with Ben. "We definitely talk about everything, and I want my son to see love," she shared.Although she's moved on since wrapping up filming for the show back in October, Oteri revealed that unlike other contestants, she has "nothing negative to say" about Galavis. "I still feel the same about him now than I did the moment, you know, I met him."
Chris Harrison. You are making it very hard for me to continue being blindly devoted to you these days. Hot off of Juan Pablo's incendiary talk about the possibility of a gay Bachelor, Chris weighed in on the show's future stars, and what he had to say was the opposite of enlightened. Actually, he went a step FURTHER than our boy Juan Pablo in terms of awfulness. A thing I did not think was actually possible.In a recent interview, Chris "Suave" Harrison was asked if The Bachelor would ever consider someone less hunky than their usual stars. You know, someone with a little bit more to love. Chris shot down the prospect of a chubby Bachelor like it was possum in his attic and he was a gun-toting man with a virulent fear of possums, a fear that surmounted reason or the safety concerns regarding shooting a possum in your attic.
On Monday night, all of the rejected ladies gathered on a sound stage in L.A. for one last chance to bring shame and infamy to their respective families. They talked about their Bach experience, they wore too much bronzer, and of course Kelly brought her dog/boss (lest we forget about her "job" as a "Dog Lover").We had to wade through a lot of schmutz promoting the Bachelor franchise before the ladies and their impossibly white teeth were unleashed upon us.First, Chris Harrison sat down with newlyweds Sean and Catherine. If you need a refresher, Sean is the uber bland, "aww shucks" former Bachelor who chose between cool Catherine and a 24 year old who showed up on night 1 drunk and in a wedding dress. TOUGH CALL! Amazingly, he picked a suitable mate (way to buck Bachelor tradition, Pasty!), proposed to Catherine, and they had a televised wedding with lots of fellow Bach lifers in attendance. Post-wedding, Catherine decided to cut bangs! Their vows said 'till death do us part, but did Sean sign on for BANGS? He should ask President Obama how to handle this one! Catherine describes their wedding night as "quick fireworks" (awkward) and Sean tells a story from their honeymoon when a sting ray latched onto his "man parts." Good luck, you crazy kids.Then Chris Harrison sat down with Miss Piggy and Kermit (or rather, a Kermit imposter named "Constantine" who shares a name with my favorite American Idol reject and you can read all about that in my book The New Rules for Blondes! OK, shameless plug over.) Apparently they were promoting a new Muppets movie and what better place to do that than on The Bach?FINALLY! It was the moment we'd all been waiting for: The parade of beautiful rejects who look vaguely familiar and we'd better recognize if they were crying in the back of a limo. Who showed up?-Lauren H. (She's the girl who was proposed to, then dumped, then came on The Bachelor. Oh girl, maybe stop doing this?)-Kylie (I had nicknamed her Whitesnake Strawberry Shortcake because she used to be hella white trash, but she has cleaned up! Her red hair is now blonde -- great move -- and she looks awesome! Congrats, but still, see ya never.)-Danielle (The super bland girl who made it pretty far by flying under the radar. She's very blonde now and I dig it!)-Elise (The blonde girl with an unlimited supply of sparkly sexpot dresses.)-Alli (The Andi look-alike continues to look like Andi!)-Victoria (Forgettable brunette.)-Chantel (Looking good, made some good points during the conversation.)-Christie (The Blonde Chameleon is back! She's the girl who was unrecognizable one rose ceremony to the next and she's still morphing!)-Lauren S. (The piano playing brunette who attempted to kiss Johnny Pabs and was rebuffed. Ouch.)-Lucy (Who can forget the "Free Spirit"? Blech. She still hasn't discovered make up or hair product but apparently she HAS discovered Arsenio Hall's patented arm move, as she rocks that like it's 1985 up in here.)-Cassandra (The Former NBA Dancer found time in her busy former dancing schedule to come back to The Bach!)-Chelsie (She's strawberry blonde now and I'm digging it!)-Kat (PERFECTION! OK, girl may be a little intense, but this look is phenomenal: bronzer, smoky eye, nude lip, amazing hair, basic black clothing. Hell yeah!)-Kelly and her dog Molly (and neither of them appear to be wearing pants.)-Sharleen (Those eyebrows are super angled and she's looking hot.)-Renee (Big applause for pledge mom! She looks perfect -- deep conditioning, perhaps?)-Andi (Even bigger applause for Ombre DA. Her seafoam dress is very Palm Springs circa 1965 and I love it.)Chris Harrison gets the ball rolling and the ladies talk about first night anxiety. Kelly was especially nervous because her dog didn't seem to like Juan Pablo (oh give it up, would you?). Danielle and Lauren immediately share that their conversations with JP were very surface and one-sided (and this will be the theme all night). Alli says that Juan Pablo asked her where she sees herself in 5 years, then days later he asked her where she sees herself in 3 years. Yikes. Dude needs to work on his retention (and also on caring about others). When pianist Lauren says as much, Kelly jumps on her and says that in the house, she was emotional and crazy and this is just sour grapes. Oh Kelly, you're a real gem, ya know that?The verdict among almost all of the women is that Juan Pablo mostly talks about himself, doesn't listen, didn't seem very curious about any of the women, and was there to find a girlfriend -- not a wife. Oh also, that he used his daughter Camila as an excuse to get out of kissing certain women (awkward) and that he'd constantly talk about being "fair," but it was total crap.Renee sits down to talk to Chris Harrison about being in the Bachelor house as a single mom (and Cassandra officially becomes the redheaded stepchild of the women on the show with children.) Renee is cool and calm and we learn that she has a man in her life now -- brava!Sharleen gets in the hot seat and covers her eyes during the montage clip of the most awkward kiss in Bachelor history. She says that they had a great connection, but she knew that he wasn't "the one."Andi talks to Chris about her dramatic departure and the fantasy suite night that inspired it. She says that behind closed doors Juan Pablo was very negative, name drop-y, and self-obsessed. She says that she will continue to search for a "great love" and I think she means continue her campaign to be made the next Bachelorette. Time will tell, Ombre DA. In the mean time -- I can't believe I'm saying this -- but the Florida Department of Justice needs you!Johnny Pabs arrives looking Venezuelan cool and casual in a black suite, white shirt with no tie, and proceeds to spend 20 minutes not getting it. He employs the idiotic logic that was VERY popular at my middle school, saying that sure he's rude sometimes, but at least he's honest. Cassandra contends that Juan Pablo shouldn't have met Renee's son Ben if he didn't think that she was the one, which promoted me to scream at the TV, "TRUTH! Also, I love your violet lipstick, Cassandra!" Juan Pablo contends that mothers are more important than fathers across the board (dude LOVES generalizations!), Chantel says that ALL of the women left a lot of things behind to be on the show (PREACH!), and Lucy chimes in that this isn't a game (why so serious, Free Spirit?). Kelly brings up Juan Pablo's comment about how gay people are "more pervert" and JP insists that it was taken out of context (not sure what in context that remotely OK, but whatever).The 17 rejected women (do some rejects get further rejected by not being invited to the Women Tell All episode? Guess you'd better stand out during the season, huh?) spend an hour insisting that they took the process seriously and they were all searching for a husband, then completely contradict that by declaring their allegiance to either "Team Nikki" or "Team Clare" in the final moments. Sharleen, Kelly and her dog are on Team Nikki; everyone else (myself included) is on Team Clare.Who do you think is going to get the proposal? Either of them? Will Juan Pablo simply walk away from it all, as the promo clips would have us believe? We'll find out Monday!
Find out exactly why ABC won't cast anoverweight 'Bachelor' -- and why they need to!Chris Harrison, host of The Bachelor on ABC, is speaking out on why most of the bachelors are, well, all the same: straight and hot.When asked why there has never been a gay bachelor, Harrison didn't pull a Juan Pablo Galavis and deliver a homophobic remark veiled under an "But English is my second language!" excuse. Instead, Harrison was blunt: It's all about the business!"The question is: Is it a good business decision?" told The New York Times Magazine. "I just spoke at U.S.C. the other night, and I explained it like this: Look, if you've been making pizzas for 12 years and you've made millions of dollars and everybody loves your pizzas and someone comes and says, 'Hey, you should make hamburgers.' Why? I have a great business model, and I don't know if hamburgers are going to sell."But beefcakes do. And that's also why Harrison, though iffy on a homosexual bachelor series, is firmly against a chubby, overweight or obese bachelor."No. You know why? Because that's not attractive, and television is a very visual medium, and I know that sounds horrible to say," he said. But don't think Harrison thinks he's above it, either. He agrees he'd never be a Bachelor himself!"I know that at 42, in the eyes of television, I'm old and unattractive," Harrison said. "Sure, I can put a suit and tie on, but I have hair on my chest and I don't have a 12-pack. I live a healthy life, but I don't do eight hours in the gym, nor do I want to. And I don't eat 50,000 egg whites."But he probably likes eating pizza, and he doesn't seem like a complete douchebag, which would be an improvement on the prior Bachelors: Remeber Jake Pavelka, who was super mean to Vienna Girardi when the cameras were off? Or how Galavis boasted to Andi Dorfman about the other women he'd spent the night with already? Or the creepy way Sean Lowe talks about his new sex life with Catherine Guidici?Maybe a less self-absorbed, vain dude would treat his women better. When it's a choice between respect, devotion and adoration and a few extra pounds, I'll take a little paunch any day. If a man who loves pizza and hamburgers treats you better than a guy with highlights, a fake tan and abs of steel who gorges on grilled chicken and stares at his reflection more than your eyes, go with your gut ... for the guy with a gut.More from YourTango:

"Bachelor" host Chris Harrison is speaking out about the future of the franchise and caused quite a stir when he revealed that there would likely never be a "chubby" Bachelor or Bachelorette featured on the series. Harrison has seen it all during his time as host of the reality competition, and this season is definitely no different.(Photo: Twitter)"Bachelor" & "Bachelorette" host Chris Harrison (c)."No," Harrison responded to a question posed by the New York Times Magazine about having a "less hunky, like maybe a chubby guy" for a Bachelor."You know why? Because that's not attractive, and television is a very visual medium, and I know that sounds horrible to say, but I know that at 42, in the eyes of television, I'm old and unattractive. Sure, I can put a suit and tie on, but I have hair on my chest and I don't have a 12-pack. I live a healthy life, but I don't do eight hours in the gym, nor do I want to. And I don't eat 50,000 egg whites," Harrison explained.When asked about having a gay Bachelor on the show, Harrison was a little hesitant and said it would depend on whether it would be good for business."I just spoke at U.S.C. the other night, and I explained it like this: Look, if you've been making pizzas for 12 years and you've made millions of dollars and everybody loves your pizzas and someone comes and says, 'Hey, you should make hamburgers.' Why? I have a great business model, and I don't know if hamburgers are going to sell," Harrison said.Of course, much has been made about the possibility of having a gay Bachelor after the current Bachelor, Juan Pablo, made a controversial remark and said that a gay Bachelor would not be a "good example" because gay people are "more pervert." He later backtracked and said that it was a mistake in translation and that he had no problem with gay people.
Forget the haters, South By Southwest is worth gawking atI'm sorry. It's that time of year. I'm going to write about South by Southwest.This will be my third year attending and covering the festival, and I apologize because I've grown a sense of guilt about it. Mocking SXSW is about as common and easy as mocking Coachella or Miley Cyrus. The other thing those three have in common, though, is that they're actually fun if you can manage to not be an eye-rolling, better-than-thou contrarian.Look, I'm not clueless and neither are most people who go to Austin in March. The festival isn't what it used to be, it's too corporate, it's over-hyped, it's not the real Austin, etc. They're valid issues, but there are valid reasons not to do a lot of fun things. If you have the press pass and/or the financial means, why not? And if you don't, why not pay attention, even peripherally?Ashley DeanSXSW's music festival is still a great place to find bands. Last year, I caught shows from the Whiskey Shivers and Ringo Deathstarr. In the year since, I brought them both into Second Story Garage. Oddly enough, the first time I ever saw some Colorado bands was at SXSW two years ago. Just following the coverage might give you a handful of new bands to check out.Austin is weird, as any souvenir T-shirt will tell you, and SXSW acts as an amplifier. The weirdness isn't even coming from locals half the time, for the month of March. Maybe you have to be of a certain age or disposition to enjoy wading through a litter-strewn and crowded Sixth Street, enjoying dancing sousaphone players or dancing skeleton marionettes. That's cool. Enjoy it emanating from your computer screen instead.AdvertisementThis sounds like a pitch, and I guess in a way it is, but mostly it's an argument in favor of chilling out and enjoying something. Maybe SXSW has a confused purpose or significance, but so what? Enjoy the party.I'll be back at it this year, and by "it" I mean following local bands, discovering new ones, subsisting on beer, eating a lot of pulled pork and not sleeping.Here's the actual pitch: It's all going on SecondStoryGarage.com, as well as ColoradoDaily.com. Last year's highlights included Big Freedia twerking, The Yawpers' Nate Cook getting a little dark and profane on camera, and me drunkenly talking about pizza. Much like SXSW, it's a messy grab bag of stuff.Hope you like it, and as always, happy South By.Contact Ashley Dean at 303-473-1109. On Twitter: twitter.com/AshaleyJill.
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
The item that you have requested was not found.Possible causes:The address was entered incorrectlyThe item no longer existsThere has been an error on the siteIf you feel the address you entered is correct you can contact us, mentioning the error message received and the item you were trying to reach.We apologize for any inconvenience. From here, you can:
More than 2,000 musical acts have descended on Austin, Texas, for SXSW, and their week of live performances will begin on Tuesday.Whether you're in Austin poring over the schedules or living vicariously through Instagram photos, the thought of sifting through thousands of musical acts is rather daunting.See also: How SXSW Turned Austin Into a Cultural MeccaFortunately for you, we've rounded up songs from 50 of the best acts playing at SXSW for this week's Music Monday playlist. The list ranges from new acts to superstars like Lady Gaga and Coldplay.Have something to add to our playlist? Share with us in the comments, below, or on Spotify, and we'll add it.How to Share Your Song With Us1. To follow Mashable on Spotify, click here. If a popup window asks you to launch an external application, accept. This just means the browser will open up Spotify.2. Follow Mashable, or send us music by clicking "Send Music."3. To send music while browsing tracks within Spotify, follow the MashableHQ account. Then right-click (ctrl + click) on the song you want to send, and click the "Share" option.4. By default, Spotify pulls up the "Post to Feed" option. Instead, select the "Send to Friend" tab, type in "MashableHQ" and hit the blue "Send" button.If "MashableHQ" doesn't show up when you're trying to send a track, make sure you're following the account. If you're still having problems sending a song after that, let us know in the comments, below, and we'll help you fix the problem.



SXSW 2014Cold weather giving you the blues? Why not pop into sunny Austin, Texas and check out this year's offerings at SXSW?NPR Music brings you the best music and events from Austin, beginning March 12, 2014.While you're at it, why not take a break and enjoy a Tiny Desk Concert or live concert from NPR Music?
By Karen BrooksAUSTIN, Texas, March 9 (Reuters) - It's OK to grow up. Even Seth Rogen says so.As a married former party guy transitioning into suburban parenthood, Rogen wages war with the frat house next door in the raucous new Nicholas Stoller movie, "Neighbors," that screened this weekend as a work in progress at the SXSW Film Festival.Packed with crowd-pleasing Rogen-style jokes - including a cringe-worthy bumble with a breast pump - the war spirals into depravity between new parents Mac and Kelly Radner and the Delta Psi Beta frat next door, led by its slightly damaged president, Teddy, portrayed by Zac Efron.But as Mac and Kelly, played by Rogen and Rose Byrne, find themselves trying to shut down raging parties they would have loved to attend when they were 10 years younger, the film's biggest battle turns out to be internal.It is the one fought by anyone afraid to grow up, or who cannot figure out how to make a comfortable transition to "get-off-my-lawn" adulthood out of an irresponsible youth they are sorry to see disappear."When you have a kid, that's great, and obviously amazing, but as special as it is, it does destroy a part of your previous life," Rogen, 31, a co-producer of the movie, told Reuters on Sunday in an interview after the movie's first public screening. "That's probably good in some ways, but it's also a bummer in some ways."Early reviews have been largely positive, with critics appreciating the movie's nonstop jokes in a film Variety senior features writer Andrew Barker describes as "lewder, weirder, louder, leaner, meaner and more winningly stupid" than previous Stoller or Rogen efforts. The film opens in North American theaters on May 9.The audience in Austin laughed and cheered through most of the antics, including the moment the baby sticks the used condom into her mouth after the frat boys fling it onto the lawn.Mac and Kelly's frantic debate over how to say "keep it down" in a cool way was a crowd favorite, highlighting a question asked by many in the fight against growing older: when did we stop being cool?'I KNOW THESE GUYS'The inspiration for the focus on growing pains was largely autobiographical, Rogen said. He and writers Andrew J. Cohen and Brendan O'Brien are of similar age and going through the same life changes as Mac and Kelly are - not to mention their own fans."All of a sudden it just started to seem like we were more likely to be the ones calling the cops on the kids partying than to be the kids partying," Rogen said with a laugh. "That to us was really fertile and original and something we all really related to, and once we started having those conversations, that's when the movie, I think, took a great shape."Byrne's likable portrayal of Kelly as an enthusiastic partner in revenge earned critical accolades for the "Bridesmaids" actress.Kelly Radner is not your typical stick-in-the-mud movie wife trying to get her immature husband to quit messing with the frat boys. She helps defeat them, even calling on her old hot-girl skills to get Teddy's girlfriend to betray him.Efron, characterized by Variety's Barker as giving "one of his most credible and intriguing performances" as the charismatic Teddy, said he found him to be a surprisingly complex character.Where Mac the new dad may find the prospect of adulthood to be gratifying if confusing, for Teddy, president of the frat that claims to have invented beer pong, the thought of growing up is flat-out terrifying - and that gives him depth, Efron said.He credited collaboration with Rogen and others in helping him adequately deliver Teddy's multi-faceted character."We were able to kind of find the heart in it," Efron, 26, said. "I have a couple of friends like this, and Teddy is sort of a mixture of their best and worst qualities. I know these guys. I've felt those feelings."It is OK, and it can even be cool, to grow up. (Editing by Mary Milliken and G Crosse)
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?



It's the final day of New York Fashion Week. Scroll down for the schedule and links to watch shows via live stream.Sep 12, 2016 Buscemi Opens First NYC Flagship Buscemi kicked off New York Fashion Week with a party to celebrate the opening of its first-ever flagship store in NYC. READ MORE
Reuters Texas-It's OK to grow up. Even Seth Rogen says so. As a married former party guy transitioning into suburban parenthood, Rogen wages war with the frat house next door in the raucous new Nicholas Stoller movie, "Neighbors," that screened this weekend as a work in progress at the SXSW Film Festival.Packed with crowd-pleasing Rogen-style jokes and the war spirals into depravity between new parents Mac and Kelly Radner and the Delta Psi Beta frat next door, led by its slightly damaged president, Teddy, portrayed by Zac Efron. But as Mac and Kelly, played by Rogen and Rose Byrne, find themselves trying to shut down raging parties they would have loved to attend when they were 10 years younger, the film's biggest battle turns out to be internal. It is the one fought by anyone afraid to grow up, or who cannot figure out how to make a comfortable transition to "get-off-my-lawn" adulthood out of an irresponsible youth they are sorry to see disappear. "When you have a kid, that's great, and obviously amazing, but as special as it is, it does destroy a part of your previous life," Rogen, 31, a co-producer of the movie, told Reuters on Sunday in an interview after the movie's first public screening. "That's probably good in some ways, but it's also a bummer in some ways."Early reviews have been largely positive, with critics appreciating the movie's nonstop jokes in a film Variety senior features writer Andrew Barker describes as "lewder, weirder, louder, leaner, meaner and more winningly stupid" than previous Stoller or Rogen efforts. The film opens in North American theaters on May 9. The audience in Austin laughed and cheered through most of the antics, including the moment the baby sticks the used condom into her mouth after the frat boys fling it onto the lawn.Mac and Kelly's frantic debate over how to say "keep it down" in a cool way was a crowd favorite, highlighting a question asked by many in the fight against growing older: when did we stop being cool? The inspiration for the focus on growing pains was largely autobiographical, Rogen said.
We are really sorry, but the page you requested cannot be foundIt seems that the page you were trying to reach doesn't exist anymore, or maybe it was moved. We think that the best thing to do is to start again from the home page or use the search box below. Feel free to contact us if the problem persists, particularly if you can't find what you are looking for. Thank you very much.
We're sorry, but we can't find the page you were looking for. It's probably some thing we've done wrong but now we know about it and we'll try to fix it.
Actor Zac Efron is keen to return to his High School Musical roots for another round of the all-singing, all-dancing films.The Hollywood hunk shot to fame on the Disney franchise in the late 2000s, alongside his co-stars Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale and Corbin Bleu, but the castmates went their separate ways following the big screen release of 2008's High School Musical 3: Senior Year.Efron has since managed to carve out a career for himself in films like New Year's Eve, The Lucky One, The Paperboy and That Awkward Moment, but he admits he'd love to reunite onscreen with his old pals for another High School Musical outing - and he's not the only one.The 26-year-old tells Eonline.com, "We're all thinking about it. I continue to see all the guys from High School... It's so cool because we never forget a single moment of that experience. It brings you right back to those days."High School Musical's first two instalments were made as TV movies, but the third film was given a theatrical release due to high demand, grossing US$252.9 million worldwide on an US$11 million budget.WENN.comsource: newshub archive
Ken LombardiKen Lombardi is an entertainment reporter for CBS News. He has interviewed over 300 celebrities, including Clint Eastwood, Oprah Winfrey and Tom Hanks.


This website uses cookies. We use technologies, such as cookies, to customise content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyse traffic to the site (including the use of ad blockers). By continuing to use our website you consent to our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Read moreAccept
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting FOX 7 Austin. We've moved, please click here. If you can't find what you're looking for, click on our "hamburger" navigation icon, or search the site. Sorry for any inconvenience - we hope you enjoy our new mobile-optimized site.
To put it bluntly, asking why things happen in Hollywood studio comedies is besides the point. It's all about getting to the funny as expeditiously and as often as possible.Neighbors, a new Hollywood studio comedy by Nicholas Stoller, quickly untethers from reality. Thus freed from the burdens of narrative logic and/or character development, the comic talents of Seth Rogen, Rose Byrne, Zac Efron, Ike Barinholtz, and others are allowed to float free and act on their impulses in an 'anything goes' atmosphere -- the raunchier the better.Director Stoller and writers Andrew J. Cohen and Brendan O'Brien are graduates of the Judd Apatow school of studio humor, and so are well-versed in cooking up a comedy that adheres to a certain recipe: bookending the picture with big set-pieces, and then linking those set-pieces with a series of fast-paced episodes that rely chiefly on sight gags and as many obscenities as possible. The pace rarely flags; it feels like a feature-length, stand-up comedy routine that just happens to involve a large company of players.Rogen and Byrne play Mac and Kelly, a married couple with a newborn child. They have just purchased a lovely new home -- don't ask how they can afford it on the salary of one lower-level employee working in an office environment -- and are still adjusting to the responsibilities and challenges of parenthood. Then a fraternity, led by Teddy (Efron) and Pete (Dave Franco), buys the house next door -- don't ask why a college fraternity would buy a house in a quiet residential neighborhood -- and immediately starts throwing wild and very noisy parties. Mac and Kelly try to make nice with their new neighbors so they can get some sleep, and end up partying all night long with the boys. When they call the cops on the fraternity for another loud party the next night, though, Teddy vows revenge, and the feud is on.It's all very, very silly; nothing, be it a one-liner or a bit of visual humor, is too broad or vulgar or cruel to be excluded, and, as noted, it's all delivered at a very rapid rate, so while the occasional groaner may provoke a moment of silence, the silence is then swallowed up by the next joke. And, obviously, it's all dependent on the viewer sharing a comic sensibility with the filmmakers. If not, Neighbors would be a painful experience.To a large extent, Rogen and Efron are known quantities; Rogen does what he normally does, to good effect, and Efron takes off his shirt a lot. So the true pleasure here is watching Rose Byrne take full advantage of her opportunity to shine comedically. She's demonstrated an adroit ability to give her own spin to comedy in past roles, but seeing her often get the better of Rogen in their mano a mano scenes, or, especially, a scene at a party that she absolutely smokes, gives the movie an extra adult jolt beyond the oft-juvenile proceedings.Neighbors is not the brightest or longest-lasting bulb in the Hollywood studio comedy firmament, but it works hard to ensure that its light-hearted, dirty-minded humor fills the picture from beginning to end.Note: The film screened at SXSW as a work-in-progress, missing the credits, a final sound mix, and little trims here and there, according to the director in the post-screening Q&A. Neighbors will open wide in theaters across the U.S. on May 9, 2014. Visit the official site for more information.
Netflix has pivoted from DVDs to streaming and it's doing it again with content creation.Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) was a stellar stock last year. Its recent outstanding quarter showed us that the company's potential is still quite large. It all started with the DVD subscription model, which I liked. Netflix has stayed ahead of the tech-curve by pivoting to a streaming model, which I like even more.Netflix quickly became the number one on-demand Internet streaming platform, and it's also added original content creator to its resume. Even though there have been concerns of rising content costs, the company has worked hard to address those with strategic agreements, like a recent deal with Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA).Some of the biggest potential still lies beyond just last quarter. As the company makes an accelerated shift toward original content, it will help mitigate the concerns over rising content costs and plateauing of subscriber growth.Driving subscriber growth even higherThe Netflix platform and mobile apps work quite nicely. Continued success really lies in providing exceptional and diversified content. Last quarter, Netflix continued to report impressive subscriber growth. Domestic streaming subscribers came in at 3.4 million and International streaming subscribers at 10.93 million, both exceeded the high-end of guidance.By working simultaneously on domestic, international, and mobile markets, Netflix is ensuring that user growth continues at a similar or better pace next year. Netflix has licensing agreements with several big Hollywood production houses, and it has expanded its original programming portfolio through partnerships with the likes of DreamWorks Animation, AMC and most recently Walt Disney. Meanwhile, on the international front, Netflix is mitigating losses, and has since decided to exacerbate expansion into additional European markets in 2014.Cutting the cable, really?Netflix has revolutionized how many consume TV and movies. Kind of like the chicken and the egg question, is Netflix's platform helping consumers realize they don't cable, or are consumers that are tired of paying high fees flocking Netflix because it's the cheaper and better option? Either way, does it really matter?All I know is that people are tired of paying high bills to cable companies for a lot of channels they don't watch. Netflix offers consumers the ability to watch TV on demand at a tenth the price of cable.Now, the other interesting aspect is Netflix's move to original content. With original content, especially award winning content like Orange is the New Black and House of Cards, Netflix is basically taking the market share away from cable. Not only does this attract new subscribers, but margins on original content are higher than on licensed content.The recent deal with Comcast, which gives Netflix guaranteed bandwidth for streaming services, now offered directly through Comcast instead of subsidiaries, should have lasting benefits. The deal is important as it means better quality video. Securing a premium bandwidth means less competition and therefore secured market share. In addition, Netflix will be able to avoid the middleman, in turn decreasing expenses and affording it better margins.Netflix might not be done rewarding investorsNetflix continues to be an innovator. Myself, Reed Hastings, and other investors have embraced Netflix's ability to embrace change in the entertainment content industry creative solutions. Not everybody agrees with the valuation.However, based on Netflix's ability to continue getting impressive free cash flow, there is still upside to the stock. Assuming that Netflix can grow free cash flow at a 4% rate over the next five years, and then using a long-term free cash flow rate of 3%, fair value is $540. This assumes a 10% discount rate and accounts for over $3.2 billion in off-balance sheet liabilities.The company is great at reinventing itself as time passes and the industry changes. "Give people what they want, when they want it, in the form they want it in, at a reasonable price" is the company's strategy summed up by Kevin Spacey of House of Cards. From DVD mail-order subscription service, to Internet streaming media, to original content creator, Netflix knows how to make money, engage customers and stay at the top.Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Comcast subscribers have the ability to watch House of Cards without Netflix thanks to a new deal with Sony Pictures, Variety reports.Comcast will sell the first season of the show through its Xfinity Store in addition to to other titles like American Hustle, Breaking Bad, Captain Phillips, Cloud With a Chance of Meatballs 2, The Amazing Spider-Man and 21 Jump Street.Of course this isn't the first time people have been able to legally watch House of Cards without Netflix. The first season was released on DVD last June, and has ben available for purchase from other digital media sellers.According to Variety, Comcast users will also be getting Orange is the New Black's first season on May 13th thanks to a similar deal with Lionsgate.Separately, Comcast and Netflix recently reached a deal to ensure that Netflix's content is streamed at high quality for customers.No word on when Comcast will get House of Cards: Season 2, but it presumably won't be until it's released on DVD.The third season is currently being written. Check out this Q&A creator Beau Willimon did on Twitter last week.Image via Twitter
The page you're looking for isn't here.Sorry about that! It looks like this page no longer exists.Or try one of these links:
Last night, True Detective saw its season 1 finale, which was so popular that it crashed HBO Go. So what is next for the HBO series?Nic Pizzolatto, True Detective creator, says that the success of season 1 has taught him a lesson."It's informed exactly one thing," he said in an interview with HitFix. "It's that I realize I need to keep being strange. Don't play the next one straight."AdvertisementSeason 2 has big shoes to fill. It's a good thing that Pizzolatto already knows what the next season will be about."I am still fleshing it out," he told Entertainment Weekly. "The basic idea: Hard women, bad men, and the secret occult history of the U.S. transportation system. I was well on my way in the writing but there's been a lot noise and work around the end of the first season that got in the way."Season 1's religious themes and undertones might also make an appearance in the show's next season."I lived in the rural south in a heavily religious family but the only thing I can point to there is this real sensitivity between knowing and wishing," Pizzolatto explained. "We live in a culture that has a real hard time distinguishing fiction from reality. Even when they're told something is fiction ... and it reflects one of [the] things that fascinates me about our species and our culture ... what we do with stories. I mean, look at people did with this story! It was a nice lesson learned for me. The show is not anti-religion or anti-anything. The show is against not thinking."Unfortunately, Detective Rust Cohle, played by Matthew McConaughey, and Detective Marty Hart, played by Woody Harrelson, will not be returning. Michelle Monaghan is also not likely to return.Season 2 will reportedly feature a new cast and storyline."We won't be back for season two," McConaughey said last week. "Season one was finite."The story of Cohle and Hart could live on, however, as Pizzolatto has acquired the literary rights to the characters."So maybe you will see Cohle and Hart novels down the road after Hollywood kicks me out," Pizzolatto said. "Always a possibility."Follow Scharon Harding on Twitter: @SH____4.
For me, True Detective ticked boxes that no other television show could. The Wire was the closest show that came close to bringing the same amount of depth, and that was a different kind of depth.AdvertisementLots of anger was expressed for the ending, but also large praise; from what I've seen, you either loved it or hated it. It's difficult for a show to steal the crown of your favorite show, but I have a hunch that HBO's latest converted many.If True Detective did become your new favorite television show, why?AdvertisementIf True Detective didn't become your new favorite television show, why not?
Pardon Our Interruption...As you were browsing http://www.starpulse.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. There are a few reasons this might happen:You're a power user moving through this website with super-human speed.You've disabled JavaScript in your web browser.A third-party browser plugin, such as Ghostery or NoScript, is preventing JavaScript from running. Additional information is available in this support article.To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible.Ignore: Ignore: Ignore: Ignore:First Name Last Name E-mail City Request Unblock
UPI News Service, 03/10/2014Fans of the thriller "True Detective" were disappointed when HBO's streaming service crashed on Sunday during the much anticipated finale of the hit show.ADVERTISEMENTNervously twitching and wired fans on the East Coast logged onto the HBO GO streaming service at 9 p.m. only to be faced with a spinning circle on a black screen.The streaming service, which is only available by subscription, login, and password, apparently just had too many users logging in a once.HBO GO recognized the problem and send a tweet saying they were addressing the issue.Due to overwhelmingly popular demand for #TrueDetective, we've been made aware of an issue affecting some users. Please try again soon." HBO GO (@HBOGO) March 10, 2014"HBO NO GO" as it was affectionately dubbed, had Twitter abuzz with everyone who was trying to watch.On the plus side, the HBO go outage is helping family togetherness, as people all over call their parents to see if they changed a password" Michael Schaffer (@michaelschaffer) March 10, 2014HBO Go has turned into the ObamaCare website of online TV portals, apparently. THE YELLOW KING STRIKES AGAIN. #TrueDetective" Ryan McGee (@TVMcGee) March 10, 2014The people who watched the finale on television had no problem and the episode remains on HBO On Demand.The show stars Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson and had the second highest premiere rating for an HBO show with 2.3 million viewers, following "Boardwalk Empire" with 4.8 million viewers in 2010.
Throwback ThursdayEvery Thursday at 9pm ET we're bringing you vintage horror from the 80s, 90s and 00s!
Uh-Oh!It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
HBO GO hit over an hour of downtime due to demand for True Detective finaleYesterday night, HBO GO suffered from downtime for over an hour. The HBO GO Twitter account responded to an outcry over the downtime and requested that users tried again soon. HBO GO suffered the downtime due to the demand of the finale of the show True Detective starring Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson. McConaughey recently won an Oscar for best actor for the movie Dallas Buyers Club.[Source: BGR]
Close Get email notifications on Casey Gillis daily!Your notification has been saved.There was a problem saving your notification.Whenever Casey Gillis posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Enter your first name:Enter your last name:Enter your Zip/Postal code:Enter your email Address:Confirm your email Address:Enter your password:Confirm your password:NextBy clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions.By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive.Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event.Privacy Policy
Pardon Our Interruption...As you were browsing http://www.starpulse.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. There are a few reasons this might happen:You're a power user moving through this website with super-human speed.You've disabled JavaScript in your web browser.A third-party browser plugin, such as Ghostery or NoScript, is preventing JavaScript from running. Additional information is available in this support article.To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible.Ignore: Ignore: Ignore:First Name Last Name E-mail City Request Unblock
HBO's True Detective posted its best numbers for its first-season finale on Sunday with 3.5 million viewers at 9 p.m.The 3.5 million for the anthology series was up 50% from the show's premiere in January; across three plays on March 9, True Detective drew 4.9 million viewers, also a series best. The finale also served to overwhelm HBO Go's presentation.The show's first eight-episode season averaged a gross audience of 11 million viewers, HBO's most-watched freshman series since Six Feet Under in 2001.Thought it hasn't been officially renewed for a second season, True Detective is expected to return with an entirely new cast and storyline, much like FX's American Horror Story franchise.
Share. Will the second season delve into the occult? Will the second season delve into the occult?True Detective's first season came to a close Sunday. Naturally, fans want to know what's next for the show. We already know that each season will be a self-contained story and that lead actors Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey won't return, so what exactly is in store for 2015?True Detective: Season 1 Finale ReviewDuring an interview with series creator Nic Pizzolatto, HitFix inquired about the direction next season will take. Has the fan and critical reception of season 1 influenced how Pizzolatto will approach True Detective's sophomore season?"It's informed exactly one thing," Pizzolatto said. "It's that I realize I need to keep being strange. Don't play the next one straight."When asked for more specific story details, the creator replied, "Okay. This is really early, but I'll tell you (it's about) hard women, bad men and the secret occult history of the United States transportation system."Of course, in text it's difficult to tell whether he's joking or not, so this synopsis should be taken with a grain of salt. Though, Pizzolatto did say that his prose is typically "populated with rich female characters," so it might make sense for him to create a story based on women when the female characters in Season 1, like most characters this season, existed as "mirrors to reflect some aspect of Rust (McConaughey) or Marty (Harrelson)." Not to mention "the secret occult history of the United States transportation system" certainly sounds "strange."What do you think? Does that "preview," whether it's sincere or not, sound intriguing? What are you hoping to see True Detective season 2 bring to the table?Talk to Jared on Twitter at @Larson_Jared.
Page Not FoundWe're sorry, but we seem to have lost this page.

HBO got some good news and some bad news last night. The good news is that its "True Detective" series finale starring Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey was wildly successful. The bad news is that the episode's popularity overwhelmed its HBO GO TV Everywhere service, causing some viewers to be put on hold and causing a firestorm on social media.According to Multichannel News, the premium TV channel provider tweeted that it was "made aware of an issue affecting some subscribers" caused by "overwhelming popular demand" for True Detective on HBO GO. The tweet advised users to "try again soon."The provider did not offer any further technical details about what caused the problem or how many users were affected, the story said. Those who were, however, filled the Twitter space with invective, according to a report in USA Today.Ryan McGee (@TVMcGee) noted that "HBO Go has turned into the ObamaCare website of online TV portals, apparently" and another user, Dave Itzkoff, added "Next week on True Detective: Marty and Rust frantically scramble to log onto HBO Go to learn what happened this week on True Detective."For more:- Multichannel News carried this story- and USA Today had this reportRelated articles:Synacor CEO resigns as TV Everywhere vendor pummeled in Q4Oscars streamed less than perfectly for TV Everywhere users, Aereo subsTurner, HBO drive $153M increase in subscription revenue for Time Warner

It's the final day of New York Fashion Week. Scroll down for the schedule and links to watch shows via live stream.Sep 12, 2016 Buscemi Opens First NYC Flagship Buscemi kicked off New York Fashion Week with a party to celebrate the opening of its first-ever flagship store in NYC. READ MORE
Credit: SXSWMost PopularHaving broken boundaries by getting "The Mindy Project" on the air, Mindy Kaling often gets criticized for not, you know, breaking more boundaries.Why doesn't "The Mindy Project," in which Ms. Kaling stars as a successful doctor, include more women of color in the cast? Why does Ms. Kaling's character seem to only date white men?She's got an answer, though not one a broadcast network would allow on TV. "I'm a fucking Indian woman with my own fucking network television show," Ms. Kaling said during a panel at SXSW Interactive on Sunday. "I always want to do more, but my full-time job is not being a casting director for 'The Mindy Project.'"Answering a question about race in the world of TV from Marie Claire Editor-in-Chief Anne Fulenwider, Ms. Kaling said she tries not to focus too much on being an Indian-American woman, because it's a distraction and stops her from being productive. "I don't want to deny who I am but I can't rely on it," she said. "I can't just think about my legacy."Working on a broadcast network has plenty of challenges as it is, amid a widely-proclaimed "new golden age of television" blooming over on cable and on Netflix. "I've been on network TV since I was 24, so the fact that you can do whatever you want [on cable] is very jealous-making," said Ms. Kaling, who was a writer and cast member on "The Office" before creating "The Mindy Project.""We can't swear, we can't have sex, we can't have long pauses, we can't do episodes 29 minutes long." The constraints "hone you and make you better," she said, but also make it wrong to pit broadcast comedies like "The Mindy Project" or "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" against Showtime's "Nurse Jackie" during awards season.Castmate Ike Barinholtz, however, gushed about Ms. Kaling and the show on Fox. "It's rare on network TV to do what she has done," he said. "On cable you have Louis [C. K.] and Lena [Dunham] who have done that, but that's a small audience," Mr. Barinholtz added. "For a humongous company to see your vision is cool."Fox renewed "The Mindy Project" for a third season last week, so Ms. Kaling can probably bank on another year of questions about encouraging diversity in TV. "I have to leave my job to talk about how important it is for women of color to have jobs, but if I want to go do my job they say I'm not supporting women," she said. "My life is constantly disappointing people politically."
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Everyone who watches HBO's "Girls," and even those who actively try to avoid it, knows that the show's creator and lead actress Lena Dunham really likes to be naked onscreen.When Dunham hosted "Saturday Night Live" this past weekend, the SNL writers lampooned her penchant for random nudity by relocating Dunham's character Hannah Horvath and her bizarre boyfriend Adam from Brooklyn to The Garden of Eden in a sinfully funny skit.Hannah, as the first female in the world, refuses to put on a fig leaf, begs God to get her a book deal, and seeks advice from a serpent with Shoshanna's head and a typically weird Shosh hair-do.The highlight of the parody is SNL cast member Taran Killam's dead-on impersonation of Adam.Sample dialogue:Adam: Aren't you going to put on a fig leaf or something?Hannah: I don't see why that's necessary at all. I'm not going to conform to society's demands for me.Enjoy this biblical send-up of "Girls":
UPI News Service, 03/10/2014Lena Dunham is well known for her tongue-in-cheek comments. In fact, her HBO hit show Girls is based entirely on its characters' inappropriate way of communicating with one another and the world, but the 27-year old actress might have gone too far with a tweet she posted after her "Saturday Night Live" hosting gig Saturday.ADVERTISEMENTDunham, who appeared naked during the show in a skit about Adam and Eve, was called out on Twitter by a fan who claimed she doesn't "always have to get naked!" In return, Dunham tweeted: "Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He's been making me!"After her joke prompted some bad reactions on the social media site, Dunham apologized to her over 1.45 million followers, explaining that she was "really sleepy" and that "even naked girls get embarrassed.""I just made and deleted a not so great molestation joke. Sorry guys. I am really sleepy," Dunham wrote after deleting her molestation tweet."SNL has a way bigger audience than our usual cozy girls audience, so I was seeing a rash of very different kinds of twitter rage," she continued."But I should know better, and do. Even naked girls get embarrassed. Sleep well and thanks for an amazing weekend," Dunham concluded.Dunham made her "SNL" debut Saturday; you can check out the skit that got her in trouble below.
USA TODAY Mon Mar 10, 2014 10:53 AMAlthough she didn't get nude in promos for , Girls star/creator did strip down for a short film on the show.In her opening monologue she acknowledged the nudity in Girls, saying, "Every show has its thing.Seinfeld had the puffy shirt. Home Improvement had the neighbor talking over the fence. And we have very graphic sex scenes. That's our thing."So it made sense that she was in the buff for a bit in which she said things such as, "I can eat this, right?" pointing to an apple. "Like if I wash it?"And after devouring many apples, she told God, "Can you please not apple shame me right now?! Seriously, I know I committed original sin, but at least it's original. I think I deserve some credit for that. Or at least a publishing deal."


Published: March 10th, 2014 16:02 EST If I See Lena Dunham Naked on TV One More Time I Will Kill Myself: Video By Robert Paul Reyes "Lena Dunham is well known for her tongue-in-cheek comments. In fact, her HBO hit show Girls is based entirely on its characters` inappropriate way of communicating with one another and the world, but the 27-year old actress might have gone too far with a tweet she posted after her Saturday Night Live hosting gig Saturday. Dunham, who appeared naked during the show in a skit about Adam and Eve, was called out on Twitter by a fan who claimed she doesn`t `always have to get naked!` In return, Dunham tweeted: "Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He`s been making me!` " UPI Lena Dunham is the most repulsive actress in Hollywood today, and she`s finally facing a well-deserved backlash over her inappropriate and offensive molestation tweet. If you don`t know who Lena Dunham is, consider yourself blessed. Dunham is the creator and star of HBO`s "Girls." Dunham is fat and unattractive, and the last actress on Earth that you would expect to appear naked in a film or TV series. On " Girls" the portly actress takes off her clothes at least twice on every episode, not to advance the plot, or to titillate the viewing audience, but simply to prove that she`s comfortable with her obese physique. OK, I get it that Dunham is comfortable with her own body, but does she have to disrobe in front of the cameras? Dunham hosted Starday Night Live, and naturally she appeared nude in a skit about Adam and Eve. If Dunham is invited to Celebrity Jeopardy she`ll find an excuse to tear off her clothes. When a fan blasted Dunham for her gratuitous nudity on SNL, she responded with her molestation Tweet. The Twitter dude speaks for millions of us: We are sick and tired of Lena Dunham`s fat naked butt!Read more: http://www.upi.com/Entertainment_News/2014/03/10/Lena-Dunham-deletes-molestation-tweet-apologizes/6521394467559/#ixzz2vaQ7ph1T Photo Credit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page robertpaulreyes@gmail.com Follow Robert Paul Reyes on Twitter: http://twitter.com/robertpaulreyes
UPI News Service, 03/10/2014Lena Dunham is well known for her tongue-in-cheek comments. In fact, her HBO hit show Girls is based entirely on its characters' inappropriate way of communicating with one another and the world, but the 27-year old actress might have gone too far with a tweet she posted after her "Saturday Night Live" hosting gig Saturday.ADVERTISEMENTDunham, who appeared naked during the show in a skit about Adam and Eve, was called out on Twitter by a fan who claimed she doesn't "always have to get naked!" In return, Dunham tweeted: "Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He's been making me!"After her joke prompted some bad reactions on the social media site, Dunham apologized to her over 1.45 million followers, explaining that she was "really sleepy" and that "even naked girls get embarrassed.""I just made and deleted a not so great molestation joke. Sorry guys. I am really sleepy," Dunham wrote after deleting her molestation tweet."SNL has a way bigger audience than our usual cozy girls audience, so I was seeing a rash of very different kinds of twitter rage," she continued."But I should know better, and do. Even naked girls get embarrassed. Sleep well and thanks for an amazing weekend," Dunham concluded.Dunham made her "SNL" debut Saturday; you can check out the skit that got her in trouble below.
From Girlboss and Glow to season 2 of Stranger Things and season 5 of Orange Is The New Black
Oops. Lena Dunham's bad.Following a Saturday Night Live skit in which the Girls star appeared naked in a parody of Adam and Eve, a critic on Twitter told Dunham she doesn't "always have to get naked," to which the actress replied:"Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He's been making me!"Dunham recently stood by Dylan Farrow and defended sexual assault victims, making the joke even more surprising and off-key.She acknowledged both these points via a follow-up apology."I just made and deleted a not so great molestation joke. Sorry guys. I am really sleepy," Dunham wrote."SNL has a way bigger audience than our usual cozy girls audience, so I was seeing a rash of very different kinds of twitter rage. But I should know better, and do. Even naked girls get embarrassed. Sleep well and thanks for an amazing weekend."Dunham has been asked about her penchant for nudity often over the years and is clearly sick of the topic.But she did have a great time hosting SNL."Cannot overstate how joyful this experience has been," the native New York Tweeted yestreday. "I have always loved you Saturday Night Live, but now I am IN love with you."For more from Dunham, head over to TV Fanatic and watch Girls online.
Related to this storyYou might also be interested in... Show moreLena Dunham brought nudity, "Scandal" and more "Girls" to "Saturday Night Live," according to The Hollywood Reporter.The show's money shot came when the first-time host debuted "Girl," a spiritual sequel to "SNL's" much-loved "Girls" parody from last year's season opener.In "Girl," Dunham and "Girls" costar Adam Driver (Taran Killam) told the story of Adam and Eve -- Lena Dunham style.H/T: Newser

She's known for showing off some skin, but it was Lena Dunham's social media jokes that got her in trouble on Sunday, March 9. Fresh off her Saturday Night Live hosting gig from the night before, the Girls creator and star got defensive when it came to some of her raunchy skits.PHOTOS: Lena Dunham's SNL Scandal spoofAfter appearing nude in a sketch about about Biblical figures Adam and Eve, a fan tweeted, "you don't always have to get naked!" Dunham, 27, quickly replied, "Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He's been making me!"Following some negative reactions to the joke, the New York City native took down the tweet and sent out a series of apologies.PHOTOS: Stars' funniest SNL moments"I just made and deleted a not so great molestation joke. Sorry guys. I am really sleepy," she tweeted.The self-proclaimed feminist admitted that Saturday Night Live's audience was very different than the one she's used to with her HBO show.PHOTOS: Kristen Wiig's best SNL characters"SNL has a way bigger audience than our usual cozy girls audience, so I was seeing a rash of very different kinds of twitter rage," she continued. "But I should know better, and do. Even naked girls get embarrassed. Sleep well and thanks for an amazing weekend."
Lena Dunham poked fun at the frequent nudity on 'Girls' in her SNL monologue this week."I am so honored to be here hosting SNL and it's also really intimidating to be up here on this stage," she said. "But there is an old saying if you're nervous about giving a speech that you should imagine the audience naked. Or at least imagine that they haven't seen you naked."WATCH:
Lena Dunham has apologised for tweeting a joke about molestation.More: did Lena Dunham come up with the greatest SNL sketch of all time?The Girls star, who regularly strips off in scenes for her hit Tv series, appeared on U.S. sketch show Saturday Night Live over the weekend (08Mar14), and mocked her penchant for nudity by shedding her clothes in a skit about biblical figures Adam and Eve.The sketch irked some viewers, with one taking to Twitter to tell the actress, "You don't always have to get naked", to which Dunham quipped: "Please tell that to my uncle, mister. He's been making me!"The star later deleted the post and apologised for the remark, writing, "I just made and deleted a not so great molestation joke. Sorry guys. I am really sleepy. Snl (Saturday Night Live) has a way bigger audience than our usual cozy Girls audience, so I was seeing a rash of very different kinds of Twitter rage."But I should know better, and do. Even naked girls get embarrassed. Sleep well and thanks for an amazing weekend."Watch Lena Dunham arriving for the Letterman show:
From Girlboss and Glow to season 2 of Stranger Things and season 5 of Orange Is The New Black
Lena Dunham celebrated her Saturday Night Live debut with Taylor Swift.The Girls actress hosted the hit US comedy sketch show for the first time over the weekend and E! News reports Lena partied after the show with Taylor, Girls guest star Jenna Lyons, Mean Girls' Daniel Franzese and SNL cast members Vanessa Bayer, Bobby Moynihan and Aidy Bryant.The group appeared to be having a great time at Asselina restaurant in downtown Manhattan in snaps uploaded to Daniel's Instagram account."Live from New York it's the @nbcsnl after party with @girlshbo star @lenadunham and #meangirls homie #RajivSurendra and me @whatsupdanny!," he wrote next to an image of himself with Lena and actor Rajiv Surendra."Best party ever," Daniel later captioned a photo of himself with Taylor.Lena sparked controversy during her SNL turn after spoofing the frequent nudity of her Girls character Hannah Horvath in one skit.In the sketch, the Girls episode unfolds in the Garden of Eden, with Lena's character telling the story of "the first girl" opposite Taran Killam as her boyfriend on the hit show."Adam, a snake just talked to me. Is that normal?" she asks him."I just want to know what we're even doing here. Are we like man and wife or is it this situation where there's, like, all these other girls and I'm going to find out from one of the animals?"The actress didn't seem fazed by the fuss over the sketch, however. She logged onto Twitter after wrapping the show, gushing: "Cannot overstate how joyful this experience has been. I have always loved you Saturday Night Live, but now I am IN love with you."Cover Mediasource: newshub archive
Last night Girls star and funny lady Lena Dunham hosted SNL in what seems like a long overdue honor. In her opening monologu, the actress made fun of her show's propensity for nudity and the fact that nearly the entire world has seen her sans clothes: "There's a saying: If you're nervous imagine the audience naked. Or imagine they haven't seen you naked." For anyone out there who hadn't seen Dunham in her birthday suit, she was quick to remedy that with the funniest skit of the night "Biblical Movie." Watch that clip below as well as her opening monologue and her excellent parody of Scandal:Advertisement - Continue Reading BelowBiblical Movie:Most PopularOpening Monologue:Scandal:
Lena Dunham hosts SNL. Photo: GettyLena Dunham made her hotly anticipated SNL debut this weekend, and the verdict is in by the internet - she was a success! Never straying too far from her Lena Dunham-ness/Hannah Horvath-ness, there was much mocking of Girls, Dunham's nudity, an excellent Scandal spoof along with a side of Jon Hamm (!) and apple shaming. Feminism and gender studies 101 were also plum topics, and everything worked, because as Kevin Fallon wrote in the Daily Beast of Dunham's performance,"It should be no surprise that SNL churned out a solid episode with Dunham as a host. The show excels most when it zeros in on someone or something that seems to be touching a nerve at that moment in popular culture, and then embraces, aggravates, and mocks that nerve. Few people touch that nerve and incite so much passionate conversation than Dunham and Girls."The best sketch was a take on Adam and Eve with Dunham as Eve and Taran Killam (who was spot on!) playing Adam (Adam Driver, Adam in Girls, and Biblical Adam) in the Garden of Eden. Dunham is totally nude and is both body shamed and apple shamed by God.AdvertisementKudos for this line,"I may have committed original sin, but at least it's original and I think I deserve credit for that."Oh and this,"I'm not going to conform to society's demands of me."And also when Adam says that Dunham is literally a part of her (the whole rib thing)"Oh my god that's so sexist, like take a gender and women's studies class!"Vanessa Bell as, like, Satan/Shoshanna with an excellent side hair donut was also wonderful.Dunham's opening monologue was also charming and featured this solid piece of advice."If you're nervous about giving a speech, imagine the audience naked ... Or at least imagine they haven't seen you naked."Snaps to Lena.
This index of CANOE might help you find what you are looking for.NewsCanadian and world headlines, photos, opinion, news comments, and more.The home page is CNEWS.SportsStories, opinions, photos, live scoreboards, stats, contests, official partner sites and more.The home page is SLAM! Sports.EntertainmentMovies, music, television, databases, reviews, charts, contests.The home page is Jam! Showbiz.LifewiseRomance, weddings, parenting, horoscopes, comics, puzzles and crosswords.The home page is Lifewise.HealthPediatrics, nutrition news, food & fitness, seniors, help for addictions, weightloss and much more.The home page is C-Health.DrivingCar reviews, comparisons and news by award winning Canadian journalists. The go-to resource for car shopping information to help you make an informed decision. The home page is DrivingNewspapersSun Media daily newspapers and CANOE affiliate papers. To peruse today's headlines.The home page is Newsstand.BusinessBusiness coverage, personal finance, and investment information.The home page is Canoe Money.TechnologyFor all your technology news needs.The home page is Technology.TravelTravel articles, booking services, photo galleries, trip reports and more.The home page is Travel.Canoe HelpHopefully, our Help section will answer your questions.Canoe ProductsIn addition to all this, CANOE offers much, much more.
This will appear next to all of your commentsThis will NOT appear anywhere on Newser
With Lena Dunham hosting the show, there was no way 'SNL' wasn't going to do some kind of 'Girls' parody. And with the recent release of 'Son of God' and the impending arrival of 'Noah,' there was no way the show wasn't going to take a shot at the recent biblical movie revival. So here we are, with a hilarious fake trailer for 'Girl,' which simultaneously skewers the story of Adam and Even and your average episode of HBO's 'Girls.'The sketch should be funny to just about everyone, but it'll be especially funny to people who are familiar with Dunham's work as a writer and actor. Her Eve is just like her Hannah: selfish, neurotic and completely unable to take care of herself (she even complains to God that she doesn't have health insurance). Taran Killiam shows up as well, breaking out an Adam Driver impression that's nothing less than perfect, capturing the Adam/Hannah dynamic. The weirdest joke involves Vanessa Bayer playing Zosia Mamet's Shoshana as a talking snake.Usually, 'SNL' fake trailers are one joke told very well. But you know what? We'd watch two hours of Hannah, Adam and Snake Shoshana wandering about the Garden of Eden.
She's the voice of her generation (or at least a voice, of a generation). For better or worse, Lena Dunham is everywhere - and this weekend, she stepped into one of comedy's most high-profile gigs as the host of Saturday Night Live.In many ways, Dunham is a wise and easy choice, given the show's current growing pains - her episode was the second since the departure of long-time head writer Seth Meyers - and Dunham's all-time high profile. Her hit HBO show Girls is in its third season, and her character Hannah Horvath has come to represent the self-focused angst of many a millennial.So did Dunham deliver? Overall, she was a confident host, who did as much as she could with fairly weak material. The best of it played to her strengths - a goofy send-up of Scandal, in which her character was Hannah in a wig, calling Sasheer Zamata's Olivia Pope on her impossible, rapid-fire instructions ("You just talked so fast, and I have literally a thousand follow-up questions"). There was also a great Adam and Eve short, with Dunham's Hannah character stepping in for Eve - and everyone's favourite Girls character, Shoshanna (played to perfection by Vanessa Bayer) showing up as the Snake.The show's highs were high, though Dunham didn't step far outside of her comfort zone. But the lows were quite dismally low - the very bizarre Jewelry Party, in which a men's rights advocate is the only male guest; and the old and tired talk show in the basement concept that totally misused guest star Jon Hamm. The show's best moment didn't involve Dunham at all; Taran Killam's pitch-perfect Matthew McConaughey impression during the Weekend Update segment brought the house down, and proved that Killam is easily this season's strongest cast member.All in all, it was a mostly watchable turn from a great talent, but it was further proof that SNL's own voice-of-a-generation days are long gone.Here's a skit-by-skit recap:
Saturday Night Live this week included a skit that portrayed people who shut down Planned Parenthood Clinics as bad men who had their heart broken by some girl when they were 18 and never got over it.During the skit, protesting against Planned Parenthood was used as an example of how out of touch a dorky guy was. The actor, with slicked down hair and an emphasized nasal voice, argued that men deserve to be paid more than women always, before his proud (but unaware) girlfriend proudly volunteered that he had helped to shut down two Planned Parenthood clinics. (Video below)This week's SNL episode was hosted by Lena Dunham, the controversial feminist star of HBO's "Girls." After it was revealed that the boyfriend had helped force the clinics to close, Dunham had to pause and say that she was "so upset right now" before informing the girlfriend that Planned Parenthood helped women get "low-cost medical advice and care." The girlfriend then admitted that her boyfriend was "not the best guy."At the end of the skit, the boyfriend was dumped amid thunderous applause.Planned Parenthood is America's largest abortion provider, performing over 300,000 abortions per year. According to its annual report, Planned Parenthood of Indiana performed 5,580 abortions in 2010.
Already a subscriber?Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one.
Hearing high-resolution digital music "for the first time is like that first blast of daylight when you leave a movie theatre on a sun-filled day," Canadian singer-songwriter and musician Neil Young wrote last year on an official Facebook page dedicated to his PonoMusic project. Now Young is ready to bring this master-quality music to market, according to a press release from PonoMusic on The Computer Audiophile. Competing with Apple's iPod, the music service will launch with a PonoPlayer.The PonoPlayer will soon be available at PonoMusic.com and can be pre-ordered at a discount at Kickstarter.com on March 12.Undeniable limitationsIt sounds nice: "[M]aster-quality digital music at the highest audio fidelity possible, bringing to life the true emotion and detail of the music, the way the artist recorded it." But the PonoPlayer is plagued with two major drawbacks.First, it carries a hefty price tag of $399. Comparably, consumers can grab Apple's newest version of its iPod Touch for as little as $229. Folks willing to pay $299 for an iPod can also get a decent front and back HD cameras built in. Furthermore, an iPod Touch gives consumers access to Apple's expansive App Store.Second, storage is limited. While the PonoPlayer's 128 GB of memory sounds considerable, the large files required mean that the player can only store "100 to 500 high-resolution digital-music albums, depending on the resolution and length of the original recording," according to the press release.But we've yet to address the biggest problem with Young's PonoPlayer:Terrible timingThe music player market has been declining for years. More recently it has taken a steep nosedive. Just take a look at Apple's iPod sales.Specifically, Apple's year-over-year iPod unit sales declined by a whopping 52% in the company's most recent quarter. Apple CEO Tim Cook said in the first-quarter earnings call that "all of us have known for some time that iPod is a declining business." Apple's iPod business accounts for less than 2% of the company's total revenue.Neil Young's project may find love among a small niche group, but Apple management likely won't be planning a countermove to the PonoPlayer anytime soon -- or ever.
The experience of listening to music has changed since I was a child. I've survived the 8-track era, as well as the decline and resurgence of vinyl. I had a Walkman so I could take my cassettes anywhere I wanted, and I've even had the CD version of the Walkman. The revolution of digital technology allows me to carry my entire collection of music on my iPhone, which is nice, since I don't have a record player in my office.Rocker Neil Young is promising the latest breakthrough in music technology with a new music player releasing this week. The PonoPlayer offers 128 GB of music storage (expandable with a memory card).For those of you who speak audiophile, it's reportedly made with zero-feedback circuitry and a digital filter that stops "unnatural pre-ringing". Memory cards will be available for storing and playing additional collections of music. PonoMusic is the device's accompanying desktop-based "media management" system, which allows customers to download and sync music to player. They'll reportedly offer "the finest quality, highest-resolution digital music from both major labels and prominent independent labels". Their online store will also offer "PonoMusic recommended earbud and headphone products".The press release promises "studio master-quality digital music at the highest audio fidelity possible, bringing to life the true emotion and detail of the music, the way the artist recorded it." Young himself has written, "Hearing Pono for the first time is like that first blast of daylight when you leave a movie theatre on a sun-filled day." The players will be available for preorder through Kickstarter on March 12.The questions remain: will customers go for a completely different music player in the era of Apple dominance? Will users go for the odd triangular design and small touch screen? Will digital music fans switch to the Pono Music store when they're used to iTunes and Amazon mp3? I have a difficult time believing that anyone outside of hardcore audiophiles will go for the new technology - at least not until the price comes down.

Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Genres - RockNeil Young devotees have been hearing about Pono or "PureTone" for a while now, and the public will finally be able to get their hands on the new digital format. The classic rocker, who's been the driving force behind Pono, will unveil the first PonoPlayer at SXSW on Tuesday. Interested buyers can register preorders via Kickstarter on Saturday, March 15.The PonoPlayer was developed in coordination with Ayre Acoustics, will be available starting at $399.99 (although Kickstarter buyers will receive a discount). The device will be able to store "100-500 high-resolution digital albums," depending on the length and resolution of the original recording. If you want to add more music to your device, you can buy memory cards to attach to the device. Yes, exactly like with your Playstation 2.The selling point to Pono is that the files are reportedly much, much higher quality than the .mp3s on your iPod. Young reports that a typical mp3 file features 5 percent of the data contained in a Pono file. The files feature zero-feedback circuitry and a digital feature to prevent "unnatural pre-ringing."Advertisement"Hearing Pono for the first time is like that first blast of daylight when you leave a movie theatre on a sun-filled day," he said.The concept behind Pono is beautiful. The problem is that it comes so far behind iTunes' domination of the digital music industry. We bought an iPod that stores 160gb for $200 back in 2008. And we may be a bit more invested in music than the average listener, but we already own all of our favorite records on vinyl. If we had the money, we'd love to buy a Pono system. We don't, and the average listener would rather shill-out for better headphones than a better format. We-as music fans- also approve of Pono's whole album-versus-singles approach. But that's also going to turn off the average listener.We wish Young and Pono the best of luck, for the sake of music quality, but it's going to struggle finding a market.
When asked if Young had approached Apple about the idea, Young said that he had, in fact, met with Jobs and was "working on it," but that "not much" ended up happening to the pursuit.Of note, Young made mention that Jobs was a vinyl fan, despite having helmed the company that would spearhead the way people listened to and purchased digital music.Musician and songwriter Neil Young, who also has experience directing, has been working on a competitor to Apple's iPod for several years now, which is now close to seeing a release date The PonoPlayer is a $399 digital music player that is designed to offer high quality sound, beating out Apple's iPod. The sound is described as "master-quality digital music at the highest audio fidelity possible," which allows listeners to feel the true emotion and detail of the music, "the way the artist recorded it."Young initially unveiled plans for the higher-quality digital music in 2012, after he revealed in an interview with AllThingsD that he had discussed high definition music formats with former Apple CEO Steve Jobs ahead of his death. Young has been in favor of higher definition music formats for several years, but such formats require larger files, which may have held Apple back from jumping on board.Apple offers iTunes music in an AAC format at a quality of 256 kbps and while the company does support a lossless audio format , the files take up more space than AAC files and are not sold on the iTunes Store.Young's PonoPlayer works in conjunction with the yet-to-be-released PonoMusic service , which pledges to "significantly improve the way you get to hear and feel your favorite music." The PonoPlayer itself will ship with 128GB of memory, storing from 100 to 500 high resolution albums.As for Apple's line of iPods, several of the devices, including the nano, the shuffle, and the classic, have gone more than three years without an update. Apple did introduce a minor color change for some of the devices, but it appears the company may be planning to phase out several models. The exception may be the iPod Touch, which was updated with a new design in 2012.During a recent conference call, Tim Cook called the iPod a declining category for the company, which has been overtaken by more popular offerings such as the iPhone and the iPad. "All of us have known for some time that the iPod is a declining business," he said.The $399 PonoPlayer will be introduced to the public via a Kickstarter project that is set to go live later this week.
The age of the iPod might be over, but music artist Neil Young doesn't believe portable media players are dead. On March 15th, he'll offer pre-orders on Kickstarter for the PonoPlayer, a $399 triangular digital music player designed to sound worlds better. The company describes the sound as "studio master-quality digital music at the highest audio fidelity possible," giving listeners the ability to "experience music the way the artists intended."The player is designed to be paired with the upcoming PonoMusic.com service, which will offer "the finest quality, highest-resolution digital music from both major labels and prominent indpendent labels," according to the company. The device will ship with 128GB of storage, enough to store between 100 and 500 albums of such music, with expansion via memory card, and will feature an LCD touchscreen in addition to its three physical buttons.Young first promised Pono would arrive in 2013, appearing on the Late Show with David Letterman to announce his foray into the world of consumer electronics and showing off a prototype that looks remarkably similar to the current design. Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea called the audio quality "a drastic difference" at the time. The product later got pushed to 2014. Today's news comes courtesy of Computer Audiophile founder Chris Connaker, who got permission to publish an early press release. In addition to the release, Connaker has unearthed some more details about the device, including the specific ESS ES9018 digital to analog converter chip used in the player. Connaker also reports that PonoMusic will no longer feature any sort of DRM.Update: PonoMusic appears to have had a serious typo in their original press release. While the original stated that the 128GB of storage would hold between 1,000 and 2,000 albums, it has since been changed to read that the player will hold 100 to 500 albums instead. We've changed this article to reflect that.
PonoMusic is a revolutionary movement conceived and founded by Neil Young. Our mission is to bring the highest-quality digital music to discerning, passionate consumers, who wish to experience music the way the artists intended, with emotion, detail and power intact. "It's about the music, real music. We want to move digital music into the 21st century and PonoMusic does exactly that. We couldn't be more excited about bringing PonoMusic to the market," said Neil Young, founder and chairman of PonoMusic.PonoMusic encompasses both an online music store (PonoMusic.com) and a playback device (ThePonoPlayer). The PonoPlayer is a digital-music experience unlike any other, offering the finest quality, highest-resolution digital music from both major labels and prominent independent labels, curated and archived for discriminating PonoMusic customers. The PonoMusic desktop media management application allows customers to download, manage and sync their music to theirPonoPlayer and other high-resolution digital music devices."Our goal was to offer the highest quality digital music available from all the major labels with the world's greatest sounding, user-friendly portable music player. We've achieved our goal and we are excited to launch our Kickstarter campaign next week to invite music lovers everywhere to join thePonoMusic community and reserve a PonoPlayer for their own enjoyment," said John Hamm, CEO of PonoMusic.The PonoPlayer is a purpose-built, portable, high-resolution digital-music player designed and engineered in a "no-compromise" fashion to allow consumers to experience studio master-quality digital music at the highest audio fidelity possible, bringing the true emotion and detail of the music, the way the artist recorded it, to life. It also features a convenient, easy-to-use LCD touch screen interface that is totally intuitive. The audio technology in the PonoPlayer was developed in conjunction with the engineering team at Ayre, in Boulder Colorado, a leader in world class audio technology.
Grizzly rock veteran and long-term audiophile Neil Young will be launching his brand new music player, Pono, at SXSW tomorrow, March 11. It's been in development for almost three years and promises to deliver music at studio quality, in reaction to what Young sees as the inferior options for playback currently available. It's been built from the ground up and will be serviced by its own desktop software and online store, PonoMusic, and portable devices, PonoPlayers.Pono say on their website: "There's an awfully good chance you heard about a revolution we're working on. Something that will significantly improve the way you get to hear and feel your favorite music [...] Shocking you say? That perhaps the promise of "Perfect Sound Forever" propagated by the inventors of the Compact Disc was a bust? And that "CD Quality" promoted by the likes of iTunes and the creators of the MP3 was only an inkling of the flawed format they were hoping to emulate? [...] We're here to say it's incredibly true! Miraculously, there's a wealth of music & soul (or if you must, "data") trapped on millions of recordings made over the last half century, that we're hoping to unleash for the very first time."Following the launch, discounted pre-orders for the 128GB-capacity PonoPlayers, set to cost $399, will start being taken via Kickstarter on March 15. As to how it sounds, Pono say, "We here [...] are listening to it now and assure you, IT'S AMAZING!!!!", while Young himself, in a quote cited by Pitchfork, says: "Hearing Pono for the first time is like that first blast of daylight when you leave a movie theatre on a sun-filled day."
PonoMusic is a high-definition music player which will compete against the rival iPod in the market. A Kickstarter project, which funded the plan, is finally out and will be available shortly. The 128GB Pono player can store up to 2,000 high-definition music albums and is made with zero-feedback circuitry. The storage can be further expanded using memory cards.The device will also be accompanied with its own digital media management software, which will allow the user to download and sync music to the player. Presently, there are limited details of the product until the final launch this month and the discounted products will follow soon on their website.
How long does it take to write a script when you're also the director and the title character? For actor/director/screenwriter Jon Favreau, the answer is 10 days if you're talking about his upcoming feature about cooking. More specifically, the comedy is about a top chef who loses his job and is forced to work his way back from the bottom, Entertainment Wise reported.With him, Favreau, most recently the director of the "Iron Man" series, will bring Scarlett Johansen, Robert Downey, Jr. (who hasn't been in a non-action film since 2011's "Due Date"), and Sofia Vergara."Chef," as the film will be called, represents a much needed change from the robotics of "Iron Man." Favreau compared directing another sequel to "doing a Christmas movie after Elf.""By the time I was done with the second one, it was four years back-to-back, and it wasn't user-friendly then," Favreau told the Daily Beast. "On the one hand, it was incredibly fulfilling, and on the other, it feels like it's already been set up and my work is done, and now it needs to continue to build off of that".In addition to "Chef," set to release sometime in 2014, Favreau is also working on a live action remake of the "Jungle Book," according to Entertainment Wise."There's unbroken ground there," he said of the "Jungle Book." "I find that a lot of the big movies I'm being asked to do now are sequels-continuations of other franchises that have already been established-and to me, I'm better off as the Marine who gets in there first. I'm better at coming up with the idea for a McDonald's than managing a McDonald's".Based on that logic, it may be a blessing in disguise that he was passed over for directing the seventh episode of "Star Wars," expected to come out in 2015.

had a terrific start as a filmmaker. With Elf, Zathura, and Iron Man, all following his debut film, Made, he proved he could balance art and commerce. There is a sense of joy to those popcorn movies seriously lacking in most major releases, including two of Favreau's own films: Iron Man 2 and Cowboys & Aliens. They were underwhelming missteps, hinting at potential they never fully reached. Both movies didn't completely gel with fans, but Favreau's new movie, Chef, should do the trick.Favreau himself plays Carl Casper, a once great Chef who's now more of a gun for hire. He's grown dissatisfied by the system, forced to make safe choices as a chef, to appease the money men. His passion is gone. With that conflict, you can't help but shake the idea Chef is saying everything Favreau believes about the creative process. He must relate to Casper on some level, when it comes to trying to be creative in a system that demands comfort food. It's no coincidence Favreau is saying all this after Iron Man 2 and Cowboys & Aliens, two movies seriously lacking a singular voice.That doesn't mean this is Favreau's big middle finger to the studio system. plays the restaurant owner who repeatedly points out he's the one paying for everything. Favreau doesn't vilify his stance, but illustrates that interference generally doesn't produce the most satisfying results from the artist. When Casper has hardly any tools or money at his disposal, that's when he produces the best product. Favreau may feel the same way about himself as a filmmaker.Favreau does show the conflict between art and commerce, but really, it's secondary to the father-son story at the heart of Chef. While trying to return to his glory days as a chef, Casper also has to focus on his personal life. He hasn't been the best father or husband, but his professional downfall serves as a wakeup call.Casper's arc and the film wears its heart on its sleeve. It puts everything out there, like its protagonist. Not a single emotion rings false. What the film says about creativity and fatherhood is honest. It's clear Favreau believes that good-natured, hardworking people can succeed at the end of the day, especially if they manage to understand their own shortcomings. Chef is nothing but genuine.While there is a good deal of drama, that doesn't mean the joy from Favreau's past films is missing. Chef is consistently funny, thanks to a charming performance from Favreau and his stellar supporting cast. and one cameo are undoubtably the MVPs. They both earn big laughs in a short span of time.Chef's third act is less lean compared to the rest of the film. The road trip Casper and his son go on feels longer than it is. Despite a few desired trims, Favreau's film is a smooth, funny, and friendly character-driven drama. This is a great comeback for the Iron Man director, proving his best days are not far behind him.
I've been waiting 15 years to give Jon Favreau the glowing review he's earned in spades with his return-to-roots film. He has no doubt had a very interesting career since his initial indie splashback in '96, but in many unfortunate ways, everything he's done since has somewhat existed in that film's shadow.In the introduction to hispremiere, which earned the highly coveted opening night slot at SXSW, Favreau described the genesis of his new film as the rare kind of lightning-in-a-bottle spark that only strikes a handful of times. In his case, it's a feeling he personally hasn't experienced since the screenplay that launched his career, making him an overnight indie darling. After the double-edged success of, Favreau was faced with the stultifying task of delivering on the expectations of his vast promise. And so reunited two years later with bromance compadre Vince Vaughn, the pair attempted to reignite their beloved chemistry with, a buddy mob-com that saw a far more annoying Vaughn than the charismatic playboy that won Indie hearts in '96.Chef, Favreau plays Carl Casper, a former culinary visionary whose overnight success results in familiar 'expectations' and the pressure of maintaining golden boy status. In other words, his reputation precedes him. The conflict begins at the film's onset, when Casper prepares a new visionary menu for an important review by a trend-setting food-critic (played flawlessly by Oliver Platt), who was also an early champion of Casper's initial culinary voice.Like Chef Casper, in making a smaller scale work, Favreau has certainly done justice to his 15+ year old potential. And I must say, to see the writer of Swingers revisit the circumstances that produced his most inspired work, dealing with the very subject in the process, and in such skillfully intimate detail, is enough to bring tears to the eyes. But all allegory aside, when the film's food truck adventure finally gets underway in its second half, Chef transforms into an utterly heartwarming father and son road movie that proves 'heartwarming' doesn't have to be such an ugly phrase. After all, life is presumably about far more than indie credibility vs eager-to-please blockbusting, and at the heart of Chef is a genuine story of an artist learning to overcome an ego and become a father. The event leaves Casper in a rock-bottom state that forces him to revisit his motivation for producing artistic cuisine in the first place and reevaluate what type of mark he wants to leave as a culinary artist. And so begins his transition from the world of mass-audience fine dining to serving real food to everyday Joes, in the form of an indie startup food truck. The audience may be smaller but the career downsize also allows him the creative freedom to take chances, rediscovering his bliss in the process, and thus becoming more meaningful to a core fan base who connect to his work, rather than to an ambiguously broad scope. It also doesn't hurt that the journey will force the renowned genius to pay a little less attention to his vanity and spend more time with his neglected son, played by 10-year old Emjay Anthony, in a pitch-perfect breakout performance. Though Casper is preparing a doozy of originality for the occasion that is sure to knock socks off, a fork is thrown on the road when the restaurant manager (Dustin Hoffman), ie. the guy signing the cheques, insists that if The Rolling Stones came to town and didn't play Satisfaction, the result would be havoc. Under this pressure, Casper caves and serves a dated meal that results in a career-killing review and a dignity-damaging Twitter battle. To hear Casper read his negative review aloud to his kitchen of faithfuls - an endearing crew led by John Leguizamo - feels like Favreau pulling from a personal history of slander that still resonates after all this time. To quote a line from the review, "Chef Casper seems 'eager to please'". In, Favreau plays Carl Casper, a former culinary visionary whose overnight success results in familiar 'expectations' and the pressure of maintaining golden boy status. In other words, his reputation precedes him. The conflict begins at the film's onset, when Casper prepares a new visionary menu for an important review by a trend-setting food-critic (played flawlessly by Oliver Platt), who was also an early champion of Casper's initial culinary voice.Perhaps it was in the wake of thedisappointment that Favreau opted for the far more traditional Hollywood trajectory, accepting generic acting gigs and translating his writing and directing talents into the world of large budget, please-all blockbusters likeand. By no means am I putting these movies down - as far as blockbusters go, they really don't get much better than these contributions. Nevertheless, with blunders like, there was a sense of betrayal amidst the indie community that a filmic voice had been corrupted by 'movies'. I opt to provide this brief history not to rehash my decade old disappointments but rather because these feelings are precisely the subject of his return-to-roots film, which plays like an emotional map of the ups and downs of his entire career.
(Repeats to add dropped word "are" in fifth paragraph)By Jon HerskovitzAUSTIN, Texas, March 9 Actor, director and screenwriter Jon Favreau traded the high-flying super hero antics of his "Iron Man" movies for a quieter new film about a celebrated chef who quits his job at a top-flight restaurant and takes to the road in a food truck."Chef," a small-budget, independent comedy with a big-name cast, including Iron Man veterans Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson, made its premiere at the South by Southwest film festival in Austin this weekend.It will open nationwide in the United States on May 9.For Favreau, "Chef" helped cleanse his palate after directing the first two of the three Iron Man films, which have a combined world box office of more than $1 billion. The movie also comes ahead of what will likely be his next expensive project, an adaption of "The Jungle Book.""If you are spending in excess of $100 million on something, you better make sure that you make that money back," Favreau told Reuters."When you are doing something for a fraction of that, the smaller you make the movie, the smaller the risk, and the more specific the audience can be."His new movie is more of a personal story about a chef named Carl Casper pushed out of his kitchen due social media gaffes that spiral out of control and conflicts with the restaurant owner, played by Dustin Hoffman.At the heart of the film is the troubled relationship between Casper and his son, who has been living with his mother after a divorce."This movie deals with issues that coincide with the stage in life where I am, specifically fatherhood and the prioritization of family over career," Favreau said.To keep costs down, the A-list actors were paid the bare minimum and the special effects of his previous films have been traded for close-ups of the knife work used in preparing food for the kitchen.Gratuitous shots of mouth-watering dishes take the place of massive explosions.To get the feel of the movie right, Favreau enlisted the help of Roy Choi, who rose to fame by starting up a food truck that served Korean influenced tacos."Maybe the food truck does not have as much money as being a big chef, but you never have to compromise your visions," Choi said.Choi helped Favreau learn the tricks of the trade and said by the end of the film, the star was cooking all the food for the scenes in the movie.Favreau said putting the script together for this movie brought back memories of "Swingers," the 1996 comedy he wrote about unemployed actors and a swing dance revival that helped propel him and co-star Vince Vaughn to prominence."I have a lot of really, really good eight-page scripts and then you forget what you are doing," he said.On both films, Favreau kept going - plugging away for about two weeks each and coming away with an entire story."The big movies have to appeal to everybody, young or old, male or female, every market around the world to get their money back," Favreau said."But little ones like this you can make for you and an audience that can connect with it more personally," he said. (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz, editing by G Crosse)
Jon Favreau's "Chef," which premiered at this year's South By Southwest Film Festival, is not just about chefs and food porn. It's about what happens when a creative person is forced to work within a corporate-mandated set of parameters, it's about how we interact with social media and it's about being a parent after a divorce."I think it's honestly more about the relationship to the things that are important to you in your life: your family, your kid, your craft," Favreau said during an interview with HuffPost Entertainment at celebrity chef Paul Qui's eponymous restaurant in Austin, Texas on Saturday afternoon. "I'm most proud of the fact that it shows there's a recipe for success if you dial into the shit that is going to make your life better. It's counterintuitive, but if you take time away from your career and invest it in your personal life, your career flourishes. That's a lesson I've learned a decade ago. That was the real underlying message of the movie.""Chef" marks Favreau's return to the indie world after spending most of the last decade directing blockbusters ("Iron Man," "Iron Man 2" and "Cowboys & Aliens") and television pilots. (His last indie was 2001's "Made," Favreau's feature directorial debut following the success of "Swingers.") The result of his DIY labor focuses on Carl Casper (Favreau), a former indie wunderkind chef who finds success and fame working at a swanky Los Angeles restaurant. Things unravel for Carl, though, after a negative review sets off a chain reaction of events that include a Twitter flame war, a viral video and eventual unemployment. It's then that Carl takes to the road with his son (Emjay Anthony) in a restored food truck to find his passion again. Sofia Vergara, Oliver Platt, John Leguizamo, Dustin Hoffman and Bobby Cannavale all co-star, with Favreau's Marvel pals, Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr., making what amount to extended cameo appearances.Favreau, who will next direct "The Jungle Book" for Disney, spoke to HuffPost Entertainment about "Chef" (out in theaters on May 9), his relationship with studio movies and the pros and cons of critical discourse.Did you anticipate the amount of preparation involved with becoming a believable onscreen chef while writing the script?No! No, when I wrote it there was a much more romantic view of the culinary world. The first thing Roy Choi [who trained Favreau for the film] said was, "This scene, when you walk into the farmer's market with a chef's coat, smelling the ingredients. That's bullshit. You'd look like a douche bag walking around in your chef's coat. A chef would never wear his chef coat on the street unless he's trying to show off. You don't walk through a farmer's market like Belle in 'Beauty in the the Beast,' smelling things and singing. You get what you need and you get out." There's tremendous passion, however, for the product. So you have these really gruff guys who swear like sailors, but they're complete food nerds. They are completely falling over themselves over the ramps.There have been some films and television series about chefs, but not in this way. "Chef" kind of reminds me of how "Rounders" hit poker right as it was going to explode. Were you surprised no one had jumped on this world yet?Right after I write the script, I'll watch all the movies that are close. With "Chef," it was "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," although that's a documentary. That really hits the world. It's a great movie. Chefs really like "Ratatouille," too. A cartoon is one they really point to as a bench mark. You have to sort of dip around. "Mostly Martha," they like -- it's a German one that "No Reservations" [with Catherine Zeta-Jones and Aaron Eckhart] was based on. That's part of why I did this independent. If I did it in a studio, it would have been a PG-13 movie, and you can't make a PG-13 movie about a kitchen. I'm not saying it's vulgar, but the language is different, the sensibility is different. This is going to end up being a soft R, and a studio would never let me do that.That's one of the more intriguing aspects of the film, especially with your background directing blockbuster films for Marvel and Universal: an individual artist trying to make things work inside a corporate structure. Was there a specific moment during the last few years where you decided to write this script?If you look at the position the guy is in at the beginning, it's misleading. I like doing big movies. I like compromising with people and collaborating, if that's part of what you're doing. You get to play with really big toys and you have a big safety net of everybody working with you. So, I don't want to misrepresent myself. However, there is something wonderful about being able to write exactly what you want, do it with exactly who you want and shoot it where you want, so long as you do it for a price. I direct pilots. When you do a pilot, the network tells you what hat the person should wear, who you should cast. They have the last word creatively. There's something good about it, but there's also a lot bad about it. I do commercials. You could not be more interfered with on commercials. I enjoy them! There's something to be garnered from it. But after working on big franchises and pilots and commercials, it's nice to go back to the way I started. Let's talk about parenthood, let's talk about divorce. I was a child of a divorce. I related very much to how the kid feels.And you love the food world as well.On the one hand, you had a type of character I wanted to do something about. On the other, you have a very cinematic expression of creativity, which making a movie about the movie business would never offer. The metaphor is a lot simpler with a chef, because the fame is unanticipated, the wounds cut deeper, the critics are more powerful and the audience is right there in your face, sending the food back. The rock-star status is greater than most directors experience. It's not like, as a director, that I'm a sex symbol. The closest thing is that there's a speech writer who has the same name as me and women think he's hot. Sometimes people accidentally tweet me the wrong thing. That's flattering. For him [laughs].You mention critics: in "Chef," your character goes off on a critic who gave him a bad review. It reminded me a little of the fight Samuel L. Jackson and A.O. Scott had when "Marvel's The Avengers" came out, which focused on how critics sometimes aren't the audience. Do you think there should be a more nuanced approach to film criticism?In the food world, the individual critics are very important. In [film], it's really more about the blogosphere. In "Chef," I don't completely disagree with Dustin Hoffman [who plays Carl's boss] and I don't disagree with Oliver Platt [who plays the critic]. They're no more flawed than the lead. When you get to the bottom of it, most people you run into are just trying to get through their gig in the best way they can. So, if you're a critic, you want to be honest. It's good not to take delight in things, but if someone is going to engage with you on Twitter in what you think is a fun flame war, that's theater. You're drawing attention to yourself and they engage. I think there is some truth to what's out there in the blogosphere, but there's also a lot of people who say things maybe not fully aware that people who read it are generally more sensitive than the population. It's hurts them tremendously. What you learn very quickly is that you just don't look at that stuff.This interview has been edited and condensed.
(Twitter, @BuzzFeedEnt)After going on an impromptu trip with his Cuban-American ex-wife (played by "Modern Family's" Sofia Vergara) and his son (Emjay Anthony), Chef Carl goes back to his roots and reignites his passion for the kitchen: in the form of a food truck. With the help of his line cook and friend (John Leguizamo), he embarks on a cross-country road trip bringing the Cuban American taste of Miami all the way back to Los Angeles."Chef" marks Jon Favreau's return to independent film after helming "Iron Man," "Iron Man 2" and "Cowboys & Aliens." With an all-star cast including Hoffman, Vergara, Leguizamo, Robert Downey, Jr. and Scarlett Johansson, the acting is spot-on for this low-budget picture. The film has an overarching lightheartedness. It gives a comedic and positive feel, but has so little conflict that there are almost no stakes. The most redeeming quality of the film is the relatable nature of the protagonist, Favreau's Chef Carl. Favreau discussed, in his introduction to the screening, while many current "big budget" films rely on fantasy and escape from the real world, "Chef" embraces the joys of everyday life, and the challenges we all face. My biggest complaint is the slow start to the film, and the amount of time it takes for the story to really take off. Nonetheless, "Chef" overflows with laughs from start to finish, has a cast everyone loves to watch and ended to an uproarious applause."Chef" did justice to the opening day of SXSW, featuring local establishments (like Franklin Barbecue) and providing the audience, including myself, with a laugh-filled indie flick. The film overcame its conflict-free script with engaging, genuine, and comedic characters.Grade: BReach Guest Contributor Sam Canter here. Follow him on Twitter here.
This slideshow is only available for subscribers. Please log in or subscribe to view the slideshow.This week is the South By Southwest (SXSW) Film Festival, and we're lucky enough to have updates from the festival every day. Below is the first.Chef, directed by Jon FavreauEvery high school student knows that the ancients had three categories of conflict: man vs. man, man vs. nature, and man vs. himself. To these, modern film adds one: creator vs. critic.Of course, we also learned in high school that not every text should be read as veiled autobiography. But what if the protagonist (Jon Favreau) is a brilliant chef played by the writer/director himself?What if that protagonist wants to challenge himself but is threatened with termination by his boss (Dustin Hoffman) if he deviates from the tried and true menu/formula?What if that protagonist tells his blogger critic (Oliver Platt) not once but twice that bad reviews hurt his feelings?What if the artist himself introduces his film by saying he is glad for the opportunity to do a smaller film because they don't have to please everyone, can be about lessons one has learned in life, and can be more than just another escape fantasy?If we take Favreau at his movie's word, directing Iron Man, Iron Man 2, and Cowboys & Aliens must have been quite a dreary affair. And apparently true geniuses are too busy innovating to figure out Twitter. Favreau told the opening night audience at SXSW that he has a lot of "eight page" scripts from ideas that generated enthusiasm but cooled before he could flesh them out. The idea for Chef stuck with him, however, refusing to be consigned to a someday-before-it's-too-late project.The result is a film that is as familiar as the comfort food that Chef Carl Casper rediscovers when his professional ...
HiAlready a subscriber?Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?
Not FoundThe requested URL /2014/03/video-pregnant-scarlett-johansson-will-be-a-wonderful-mom-says-pal-jon-favreau/ was not found on this server.Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.
"To speak to an audience of your peers is a real luxury right now," the filmmaker explains ahead of his South by Southwest world premiere.The 2014 South by Southwest Film Conference and Festival kicks off on Friday with the world premiere of Jon Favreau's Chef -- almost certainly the first road-trip movie set in a food truck. Written, directed by, starring and co-produced by Favreau, the movie follows a divorced Los Angeles chef who quits his job in order to explore America in search of his culinary mojo.Featuring an A-list cast that includes Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Sofia Vergara and Dustin Hoffman, Chef in many ways marks the 47-year-old Iron Man helmer's homecoming to the indie film world that put him on the map with 1996's Swingers, which he wrote and starred in.The Hollywood Reporter spoke to Favreau ahead of his film's Austin debut.What drew you into the world of food trucks?I've always been fascinated by chefs and the worlds of chefs -- what they do is incredibly cinematic. It's hard to show the creative process onscreen in a way that captures it [in a way] that's visual. You show people playing poker or hacking into a computer; it feels so significant in the script and then when you see it on the screen, it loses something. But there's something about cooking -- food being prepared is incredibly captivating. It became just a fun box of tools to use as a director.The image of the chef has certainly evolved from "guy in a tall puffy hat" to "down 'n' dirty rock star."The world of chefs is fun because these are characters who are right now being focused on by the public. They never signed on to be a frontman. Some are more elegant about it than others, but they always seem to be coming from a very sincere place. [The movie] captures the conundrum of their creative process: people trying to find their voice, a way to fit within the system and yet express their individuality.You appeared on Top Chef New Orleans this season with bad-boy L.A. restaurateur Roy Choi. Are you a Top Chef fan?I've seen every one of t